(rttnews) - akamai technologies inc (akam) released earnings for its first quarter that advanced from the same period last year.
the company's profit came in at $107.13 million, or $0.65 per share. this compares with $53.71 million, or $0.31 per share, in last year's first quarter.
excluding items, akamai technologies inc reported adjusted earnings of $180.92 million or $1.10 per share for the period. analysts had expected the company to earn $1.02 per share, according to figures compiled by thomson reuters. analysts' estimates typically exclude special items.
the company's revenue for the quarter rose 5.7% to $706.51 million from $668.72 million last year.
-earnings (q1): $180.92 mln. vs. $135.80 mln. last year.
-eps (q1): $1.10 vs. $0.79 last year.
-analysts estimate: $1.02
-revenue (q1): $706.51 mln vs. $668.72 mln last year.
 the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
among the underlying components of the s&p 500 index, we saw noteworthy options trading volume today in walgreens boots alliance inc (symbol: wba), where a total of 84,237 contracts have traded so far, representing approximately 8.4 million underlying shares. that amounts to about 123% of wba's average daily trading volume over the past month of 6.8 million shares. especially high volume was seen for the $54 strike put option expiring april 18, 2019, with 6,303 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 630,300 underlying shares of wba. below is a chart showing wba's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $54 strike highlighted in orange:
akamai technologies inc (symbol: akam) options are showing a volume of 6,618 contracts thus far today. that number of contracts represents approximately 661,800 underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 54.3% of akam's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 1.2 million shares.
especially high volume was seen for the $75 strike call option expiring april 12, 2019, with 1,501 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 150,100 underlying shares of akam. below is a chart showing akam's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $75 strike highlighted in orange:
and lamb weston holdings inc (symbol: lw) options are showing a volume of 8,515 contracts thus far today. that number of contracts represents approximately 851,500 underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 53.1% of lw's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 1.6 million shares.
particularly high volume was seen for the $75 strike call option expiring april 18, 2019, with 3,328 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 332,800 underlying shares of lw. below is a chart showing lw's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $75 strike highlighted in orange:
for the various different available expirations for wba options, akam options, or lw options, visit stockoptionschannel.com.
today's most active call & put options of the s&p 500 "
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
looking at the underlying holdings of the etfs in our coverage universe at etf channel, we have compared the trading price of each holding against the average analyst 12-month forward target price, and computed the weighted average implied analyst target price for the etf itself. for the invesco s&p 500-- pure growth etf (symbol: rpg), we found that the implied analyst target price for the etf based upon its underlying holdings is $128.42 per unit.
with rpg trading at a recent price near $117.14 per unit, that means that analysts see 9.63% upside for this etf looking through to the average analyst targets of the underlying holdings. three of rpg's underlying holdings with notable upside to their analyst target prices are davita inc (symbol: dva), boeing co. (symbol: ba), and akamai technologies inc (symbol: akam). although dva has traded at a recent price of $48.88/share, the average analyst target is 36.05% higher at $66.50/share. similarly, ba has 25.24% upside from the recent share price of $347.16 if the average analyst target price of $434.79/share is reached, and analysts on average are expecting akam to reach a target price of $86.77/share, which is 10.37% above the recent price of $78.62. below is a twelve month price history chart comparing the stock performance of dva, ba, and akam: below is a summary table of the current analyst target prices discussed above:
are analysts justified in these targets, or overly optimistic about where these stocks will be trading 12 months from now? do the analysts have a valid justification for their targets, or are they behind the curve on recent company and industry developments? a high price target relative to a stock's trading price can reflect optimism about the future, but can also be a precursor to target price downgrades if the targets were a relic of the past. these are questions that require further investor research. the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
tencent holdingtcehy reported fourth-quarter 2018 adjusted earnings of 30 cents per share that beat the zacks consensus estimate by 2 cents. the figure also increased 13% year over year.
revenues of $12.37 billion increased 27.9% from the year-ago quarter. the zacks consensus estimate was pegged at $12.33 billion.
in local currency, adjusted earnings were rmb2.07 and revenues were rmb84.89 billion.
notably, its shares lost 3.5% to close at $45.26 on mar 22, following the release of the lates t earnings . the decline was likely due to lower fourth-quarter 2018 margins as a result of increased spending.
moreover, shares of tencent have lost 18.1% over the past year compared with the industry's decline of 8.6% in the same period.
value added services (vas) revenues (51.4% of total revenues) increased 9.3% year over year to rmb43.65 billion.
social networks revenues increased 25% year over year to rmb19.5 billion owing to revenue growth from video streaming subscriptions and live broadcast services. however, online games revenues declined 1% year over year to rmb24.2 billion.
online advertising revenues (20.1% of total revenues) increased 37.8% year over year to rmb17 billion.
social and other advertising revenues increased 44% year over year to rmb11.8 billion due to ad revenue growth from qq kandian, weixin moments and mini programs.
mini programs' daily visits per user increased 54% year over year and total active users surged more than more than 250% year over year. additionally, the number of weixin pay transactions increased 80% year over year in the reported quarter due to easily deployable qr code solutions.
additionally, media ad revenues increased 26% year over year to rmb5.2 billion owing to growth from tencent video and tencent news.
tencent holding ltd. price, consensus and eps surprise | tencent holding ltd. quote
others (28.5% of total revenues) surged 71.9% year over year to rmb24.2 billion. this was primarily due to increased revenues from fintech and cloud services. higher revenues from film and television businesses also aided results.
notably, paying cloud customers more than doubled from the year-ago period in the reported quarter. the company launched infrastructure as a service (iaas) and platform as a service (paas) products in fourth quarter.
in october 2018, tencent brought a change in its strategy to expand its strength in consumer internet and secure opportunities in industrial internet. additionally, the company increased its market position in social, games, digital content and payment with higher investments in technology and innovation.
communication and social
weixin and wechat had combined monthly average users (maus) of 1,098 million at the end of 2018, up 11% year over year. notably, wechat work, designed for enterprises for use in both internal communication and with customers is now used by about 80% of top 500 companies in china. additionally, the application allows enterprises to gain analytical insights into customer data, which is a positive.
moreover, qq maus increased to 807 million by 2018 end. improved features and diverse content offerings helped the company increase user time spent on the platform. notably, daily video views for qq kandian, a news feed service, surged more than 300% year over year.
tencent released nine licensed games in the reported quarter. after the industry regulator started re-issuing the game monetization license from december 2018, eight of the company's games (7 smartphone games and 1 pc game) have gained approval so far.
tencent noted that rise in active users increased its smartphone games market share in china. this apart, internationally pubg mobile was the most popular game on the basis of mau and it was also named the best game of 2018 by google play.
however, pc revenues decreased 13% year over year to rmb11.2 billion in the reported quarter owing to user shift toward handheld devices.
nevertheless, user time spent on league of legends ' increased after tencent introduced its first season pass. additionally, game active users witnessed sequential growth after "china team won the world championship in november 2018." moreover, the company released iris fall and bladed fury , internally developed pc games, to cater to the niche market.
growth in video and music subscriptions aided vas subscriptions, which increased 19.1% year over year to 160.3 million. premium content and cross-promotions boosted video subscriber growth, which grew 58% year over year to 89 million. notably, video views per daily average user (dau) increased more than 40% year over year.
tencent, which distributes 40 top global sports ips to its users in various forms like short videos, live programs and news feeds, is the leading sports platform in china. users can access its sports content across tencent sports, tencent news, tencent video, mobile qq browser and weishi.
gross profit increased 11.6% year over year to rmb35.15 billion. however, gross margin decreased 600 basis points (bps) year over year to 41.4%.
selling and marketing expenses declined 4.8% year over year to rmb5.7 billion. however, general and administrative expenses increased 28.8% year over year to rmb11.35 billion.
adjusted ebitda increased 18.2% year over year to rmb29.7 billion. however, adjusted ebitda margin decreased 290 bps year over year to 35%.
non-gaap operating profit increased 2.4% year over year to rmb22.39 billion. however, operating margin declined 650 bps to 26.4% year over year.
tencent exited the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of rmb97.81 billion compared with rmb105.39 billion as of sep 30, 2018.
as of dec 31, 2018, cash used in operating activities was $3.1 million against cash flow from operations of $8.1 million in the year-ago period.
operating cash flow in the reported quarter was rmb33.2 billion, up 16% year over year. free cash flow in the same period increased 18% year over year to rmb28.6 billion.
tencent will invest in infrastructure and technology to expand in consumer internet and secure opportunities in industrial internet. the company noted that it will strengthen its game portfolio with both internal developments and external partnerships.
additionally, the company will expand fintech solutions and its product portfolio to meet users' needs. moreover, tencent's cloud will provide customized solutions to its clients from industries including education, financial, healthcare, retail and transportation.
currently, tencent carries a zacks rank #3 (hold).
some better-ranked stocks in the broader technology sector include autohome athm , the meet group meet and akamai technologies akam . while autohome sports a zacks rank #1 (strong buy), the meet group and akamai carry a zacks rank #2 (buy). you can see the complete list of today's zacks #1 rank stocks here .
long-term earnings growth rate for autohome, the meet group and akamai is projected to be 29%, 20% and 15%, respectively.
would you like to see the updated picks from our best market-beating strategies? from 2017 through 2018, while the s&p 500 gained +15.8%, five of our screens returned +38.0%, +61.3%, +61.6%, +68.1%, and +98.3%.
this outperformance has not just been a recent phenomenon. from 2000 - 2018, while the s&p averaged +4.8% per year, our top strategies averaged up to +56.2% per year.
see their latest picks free >>
want the latest recommendations from zacks investment research? today, you can download 7 best stocks for the next 30 days. click to get this free report
meetme, inc. (meet): free stock analysis report
autohome inc. (athm): free stock analysis report
zacks investment research
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
cybersecurity is one of the fastest-growing segments of the technology industry. as more people around the globe connect to the internet and hundreds of millions of devices get connected to a network every year, the need to keep all of that data secure is on the rise.
in fact, according to research firm global market insights, cybersecurity is expected to go from a $120 billion-a-year endeavor in 2017 to more than $300 billion in 2024, good for an average 12% annual growth rate. it's no wonder, then, that so many businesses are getting in on the movement. old tech titans like microsoft (nasdaq: msft), cisco (nasdaq: csco), and oracle (nyse: orcl) all offer cybersecurity as part of their service suites. other names are investing in the action, too. old smartphone maker blackberry (nyse: bb), for example, bought small cybersecurity outfit cylance in early 2019 to further its transformation as a software company.
as the world goes digital, managing new digital-first business operations and keeping information safe and secure will continue to evolve and grow in importance. for those wanting to invest in the cybersecurity industry, researching the biggest names in the business is a good place to get started (after brushing up on the basics here). here are the 10 largest companies that make cybersecurity their primary concern based on market capitalization (the value of the company calculated by number of shares outstanding multiplied by price per share).
data as of july 23, 2019. data source: ycharts and company-specific investor relations.
"cybersecurity" is the umbrella term, but there are different types of security firms tackling various problems in today's connected age.
for example, the larger outfits have been angling themselves to cover a wide range of needs, becoming one-stop security shops. palo alto networks and fortinet are two such companies, covering everything from firewalls (a network feature, sometimes a piece of hardware but more often software, that decides what data to let in and out) to artificial intelligence-based software that automates tasks and monitors an organization's digital activity.
these companies focus on securing remote devices connected to a network. the number of devices hooked up to the internet has been growing by the hundreds of millions every year, and that trend is expected to continue. businesses are leading the charge, and everything from employee smartphones and tablets to assets in transit to connected machinery is in need of safekeeping. endpoint protection software handles that specific need. startup crowdstrike, among others, is a specialist in this space.
these niche companies include okta, which provides privileged-access management -- basically, only allowing users access to the sensitive data that they're supposed to see. then there's security for the cloud, or computing and software that is offered remotely by way of a data center. zscaler concerns itself with keeping cloud connections and data safe for businesses and organizations.
regardless of the security need, digital-based operations and communications are on the rise across the board, which means all of the top cybersecurity companies are experiencing growth of some sort. that creates an opportunity for investors to cash in on the movement. here is a breakdown of each of the top cybersecurity companies and how their stocks are valued.
sitting atop the cybersecurity pure-play list is palo alto networks. the company has built itself into the leader in the security space, offering a broad range of services for its customers from firewalls to automated threat response to cloud security. the largest player in the cybersecurity niche by market cap, palo alto has managed to outpace the industry's average growth rate in spite of its size.
part of the story behind palo alto's growth is the company's acquisition spree of smaller competitors. in may 2019, the company announced its intent to purchase two cloud-based cybersecurity outfits, one for $410 million and the other for a smaller undisclosed sum. both were added to a new cloud security service segment called prisma, aimed at continuously updating palo alto's offerings as needs of customers evolve over time. ceo nikesh arora, a former executive at alphabet's (nasdaq: googl) (nasdaq: goog) google, has indicated that strategic acquisitions will continue to play an integral part in his company's strategy to remain relevant.
the sums of money paid for acquisitions have been substantial (at least $1 billion spent since 2018), and they're among the reasons palo alto is not yet a profitable business. however, when backing out one-time nonrecurring expenses and noncash items, the company still manages to post positive free cash flow (money left over after basic operating expenses and capital expenditures). in short, that means the company can afford its aggressive buying spree.
the free cash flow generation is important, because it gives the leader in pure-play network security the wiggle room it needs to invest heavily in cloud computing, ai, and other technology as customer needs change over time. global cloud spending is expected to grow an average of about 16% a year through 2022, according to technology research group gartner. sitting at the intersection of two double-digit growth industries, that long-term trend should give palo alto networks an enduring outlet to sustain double-digit sales growth and help it maintain its pole position within the world of cybersecurity.
splunk started out as a big data monitoring company. its software suite allows organizations to analyze and make sense of information being generated from their digital systems, from websites to connected equipment to payment processing networks, among other things. if it's an electronic system, it creates data; and if it creates data, splunk can help monitor it and give customers the ability to make sense of trends and other behavior of digital systems. incidentally, one of the primary use cases for the data parsing and analytics platform is cybersecurity.
to increase its capabilities in that department, splunk has also embarked on an aggressive acquisition spree. as a result, the big data company is now a leader in the fast-growing security orchestration, automation, and response (soar) segment of the cybersecurity industry. soar utilizes artificial intelligence (a software system that mimics how the human brain works and learns and adapts to changing circumstances) to sift through information in real time, detect potential threats, and take action to keep things on lockdown. with data breaches a constant threat, the ability to automate aspects of the workload holds appeal for large organizations.
despite its size, splunk has still been growing quickly. the downside is that splunk is spending lots of cash to foster further expansion, which keeps the company in the red. specifically, research and development of new software capabilities and sales and marketing to acquire new customers are the biggest line items affecting the bottom line. however, much like palo alto networks, splunk is free cash flow positive; profits will be a bigger consideration later on as the company matures.
that's because splunk's primary industry, big data analytics, should grow an average of 13% a year and surpass $274 billion in size by 2023 -- according to researcher idc. along the way, splunk will also benefit from the booming and fast-changing cybersecurity industry, making it one of the best plays on the trend. the company's expertise in monitoring and making sense of large and complex sets of data particularly lends itself to keeping business information locked up, and its recent takeovers of smaller peers have helped bolster its position in network security. splunk's prospects and chances at continued industry leadership look especially good.
check point software, as its name implies, offers software security along with hardware to keep business networks secure. much like palo alto networks, the company has a diversified mix of solutions covering on-premeses computer networks, cloud, and endpoint protection.
though it's one of the largest and oldest cybersecurity companies around (founded in 1993), check point has not been growing at the breakneck speed of some of its peers. low-single-digit sales growth has been the norm for some time. the reason? new technologies like the cloud have made some of check point's legacy services like hardware-based security less compelling. the company is trailing some of its competitors, so spending to update the business model for today's security needs has been a top priority. it isn't paying off yet, and check point's sluggish pace could mean its younger peers will bypass it in the years ahead.
there is one thing that makes check point different from other companies on this list, though. as an older, well-established company, it does turn a profit. thus, traditional valuation metrics (without the need to make adjustments for things like stock-based compensation, shares a company pays to employees as an extra perk) work for the stock. however, heavy spending to transform the business into a more relevant one for the times has the bottom line stuck in a rut. until that changes, there's little compelling reason to consider the stock.
check point has been working hard to update its offerings for more modern needs, but the sheer number of newer start-ups could mean this established cybersecurity business will continue to get disrupted. that's not an enviable situation to be in, especially when the industry overall is growing by double digits.
endpoint security company crowdstrike more than doubled in value after it had its ipo (sold shares to raise money, making it available to the general investing public for the first time) in june 2019. that easily puts the firm among the largest in the cybersecurity business by market cap.
the stock has years' worth of double-digit sales growth baked into it, but momentum could be on crowdstrike's side. revenues more than doubled in 2018. the number of connected devices around the globe is increasing every year -- by the hundreds of millions -- which plays right into the hands of this security company and its endpoint-protection software suite. since many of those devices are not tethered to an office or other physical location, crowdstrike's cloud computing-native system lends itself to this type of security particularly well.
because it is cloud based, crowdstrike also boasts the ability to make near-instant system updates when a threat is detected, and its software can learn and adapt from uploaded customer data. paired with millions of new connections getting added to an internet-connected network every year, it adds up to lots of new customer sign-ups and expanding relationships with existing ones. dollar-based net expansion (which measures how much money existing clients spend each year) has been over 100% for years, indicating customers spend more with crowdstrike as time passes. it's a powerful business model, one that crowdstrike plans on putting to use in other security disciplines as it begins to expand beyond endpoint security. with the cloud and the number of endpoints increasing dramatically, it's no wonder this stock is off to a hot start and looks like it has years' worth of growth left ahead of it.
another upstart security company, okta has only been around since 2009, but the identity-protection specialist has been growing like a weed. the company ensures that employees and others with privileged access within an organization get connected to the apps and data they need -- and keeps everyone else out. the number of digital systems and software being utilized by organizations continues to rise, increasing the complexity and difficulty in keeping systems secure from intruders. thus, the need for okta's identity services has been booming.
in just a few years' time, okta has become one of the largest cybersecurity pure plays around, with sales consistently growing north of 50% in the past. management expects that trajectory will moderate to somewhere in the mid-30% range for the foreseeable future -- still nothing to balk at. and that rate of expansion could be sustainable, too. according to the global market insights cybersecurity report, identity, authentication, and access management services are expected to be an especially fast-growing subset of cybersecurity, with the potential for services to increase an average of 17% a year through 2024. at the forefront of the movement, okta is primed to gobble up market share as identity and access management increases in importance.
here's the downside: okta is not a profitable business as of this writing. the company is funneling cash into marketing and research to maximize its sales growth now. profits will be a concern later. the good news, though, is that gross profit margin (the amount of money the company keeps after producing a service and then selling it but before paying other operating expenses) is on the rise as the company grows.
that bodes well for the future of this cybersecurity leader. identity security/privileged data access rights is expected to be a high-growth segment of network security for the next few years, and okta is a leader in the space.
another diversified provider of firewalls, cloud and endpoint security, and identity management, fortinet took a hit amid worries that the trade war between the u.s. and china would dampen growth in the company's important international markets -- asia and europe specifically. newer security upstarts have also disrupted some of fortinet's legacy offerings like hardware-based network security for on-premises protection. economic and industry headwinds or not, though, this cybersecurity outfit is doing just fine.
revenues and adjusted earnings were up 20% and 77%, respectively, in 2018. fortinet has been adding dozens of new deals worth more than $1 million every quarter, winning customers over with its new and improved software suite aimed at keeping all parts of an organization safe. although less aggressive in its acquisition strategy than palo alto networks or splunk, fortinet continues to invest heavily in updating its offerings to keep its customers secure. the cloud has been an area of focus, as well as increasing the number of subscription-based software deals. the investments in new technology have been paying off and yielding results for shareholders, even as other legacy cybersecurity companies have been failing to make the cut.
as a result of its less aggressive nature, fortinet also runs a profitable business where some of its competitors don't -- and the bottom line has been rising faster than sales as the company's investments have started to yield results. ample cash means this security business can continue to invest in its new high-octane segments like cloud, endpoint, and identity security, which bodes well for it being able to maintain its two-figure top-line growth rate for some time even as legacy lines of business fade. with a well-established presence in the industry and a successful business update strategy well underway and paying off, fortinet is one of the best cybersecurity stocks around.
symantec is the world leader in cybersecurity services when using sales figures as the metric. with nearly $5 billion in revenue in the last year, it is nearly double the size of its younger peers like palo alto networks. yet despite symantec's leadership, its market cap lags. one of the oldest network security players around and owner of recognizable software names like lifelock and norton antivirus, symantec has had to deal with disruption and shifting technology that have left growth near nonexistent and profitability underwhelming.
though symantec has been updating its operations -- it recently announced a new comprehensive cloud-based security suite covering everything from email to application login protection -- results have been sluggish. fiscal 2019 sales fell 2%. the company's legacy operations are holding it back, and bloated operating expenses have meant paltry bottom-line earnings. not exactly what investors should be looking for from the leader of a high-flying industry.
there could be hope of a rebound, though, as symantec continues to work through its transition. chipmaker broadcom (nasdaq: avgo) thought there was value in symantec and was reportedly interested in acquiring the old security company to add it to its growing software division. however, negotiations fell through, and symantec will have to go it alone for now. until the company can demonstrate a strategy that can gain some traction in the growing world of cybersecurity, symantec will continue to struggle in the wake of younger and more nimble peers that started investing earlier in the shifting landscape.
the next security outfit on the list handles a different piece of the industry than any of the others covered thus far. akamai (nasdaq: akam) helps deliver and secure web content as it travels from its source to the end user, from live and streaming video to traditional web page text and pictures. the internet's continual expansion has been a boon for akamai, which has launched new services to cover new web applications (like video streaming) and new mobile device types to keep the internet connection to them secure.
akamai's traditional web business is a low- to mid-single-digit growth story, but its newer cloud security services have been growing well into the double digits. new services are still a small fraction of the whole, but they are a high-margin endeavor. akamai's bottom line has been getting a big double-digit boost as akamai's investment and spending on new web delivery applications subside and past spending starts to yield results.
akamai has grown into one of the internet's primary content delivery platforms, responsible for handling as much as a third of global web traffic. as such, this company will be slower moving than other security businesses, but akamai still has growth prospects ahead of it. internet infrastructure company cisco expects web traffic -- led by video content -- to grow an average of 26% a year through 2022. that means akamai's newer business should continue to move the needle for some time; plus the overall operation is solidly in profitable territory. in short, the leading internet content delivery and security company should be a slow-and-steady play for the foreseeable future.
back to small but up-and-coming cybersecurity. zscaler has its sights set on securing cloud computing and thus built itself from the ground up as a cloud-only software suite. the world is going mobile, and so are business operations. with fewer centralized locations and more remotely connected devices popping up, zscaler helps keep newer business networks safe for its customers and their employees.
with a business model similar to those of crowdstrike and okta, zscaler plays in a new multibillion-dollar industry that will only continue to grow larger, and the company has been frank in saying it is all about maximizing growth right now. and no wonder, as gartner says in its cloud research that annual spending will nearly double from 2018 to 2022 to more than $330 billion a year. sales at zscaler have been growing north of 60% year over year for some time, but what's a few hundred million in annual sales when the whole market is worth hundreds of billions? the downside is that in spite of massive growth and a rosy outlook for the good times to continue, operating losses are still substantial. with zscaler all about nurturing sales as fast as possible, the red ink is unlikely to disappear anytime soon.
much like its start-up peers, though, zscaler takes those losses by design as it keeps its foot on the gas. gross profit margin was an enviable 81% at last report, one of the best in the industry. with profit potential like that in a fast-expanding cloud computing sandbox, it makes sense zscaler is all about growth now and profit later. with the world going mobile, this security stock looks like an especially promising one in the years ahead as it takes advantage of its early cloud-based security lead.
f5 networks provides hardware and software solutions that help companies keep their applications and app delivery secure. similar to akamai, the company's legacy business isn't exactly lighting the world on fire. however, newer services, particularly those aimed at cloud computing-based apps, are on a tear. to that end, f5 recently acquired app optimization and security peer nginx for $670 million.
it's a sizable sum but likely a prudent move for f5. the company has been reporting low-single-digit revenue growth the last few years -- nearly all of which has been driven by big expansion in its software service segment. while the top line has been sluggish, the upside is that new software and security offerings are a much more profitable concern. as a result, earnings are up nearly 40% over the last trailing three-year stretch.
during its transition phase to more modern app security and delivery, f5's stock has taken a beating. there's worry that the transition will continue to be a bumpy one, thus making this stock among the cheapest in the cybersecurity industry. however, though the low valuation reflects the fact that f5 has fallen behind the curve in the digital age, f5 is an inexpensive play on digital security and delivery. with internet traffic and content delivery still a slow-and-steady endeavor, f5 can continue to thrive -- albeit at a much slower rate than elsewhere in cybersecurity.
one of the smaller outfits in the security space, proofpoint is worth a mention as a bonus number 11 on the top-10 list. the company specifically helps organizations keep their employees safe. email attacks are a key pain point for many businesses, and securing communications in that department -- as well as on social media, cloud applications, and mobile devices -- is a specialty at proofpoint.
though a niche offering within the greater cybersecurity industry, proofpoint is expanding fast. after the company grew 38% in 2018, management forecasted full-year 2019 revenue to be up at least another 22%. however, as with its high-powered sales-oriented peers, the company does run up big losses. as with many other cybersecurity plays we've been discussing, though, that's due to proofpoint reinvesting in itself to foster more growth.
nevertheless, when we adjust the bottom line for one-time items and other noncash expenses, proofpoint is free cash flow positive, a metric that has been steadily on the rise. that should help proofpoint keep up its double-digit growth trajectory as employee access points via remote computers, smartphones, and other devices continue to boom in the states and especially overseas. it's a much smaller business than the top 10 companies are, but this cybersecurity concern still offers a compelling growth story worth keeping an eye on as it keeps communications safe and secure.
proofpoint will also likely see long-term benefit from the explosion in devices hooked up to a network in the years ahead. the workforce's increasing mobility means keeping employee communications on lockdown will be an increasingly complex problem, one that this small security company can help solve.
taking a high-level look at the biggest companies in the cybersecurity market is only the start to choosing an investment. some of the stocks are buys, others not so much. as the industry is still in high-growth mode and adapting fast to technological developments, investors would be best off picking the companies posting the fastest revenue expansion rates and those that carry the highest gross profit margins. click here for a discussion on the top cybersecurity stocks and an introduction on how to pick the best companies in the industry.
before investing, though, it's important to remember a few things. though cybersecurity is one of the fastest-expanding industries around, with high growth expectations comes a high level of volatility. stock prices can run higher very quickly -- and reverse course just as fast. only investors who have a long-term perspective (no less than a few years) and the ability to purchase a position over time (buying a few shares at a time on a set schedule, like monthly, quarterly, or whenever the stock dips in price by at least double digits) should consider buying.
for those with the time to wait, though, investing in cybersecurity should be a profitable endeavor. in a decade's time, this top-10 list will no doubt look very different, but a few of these names will still be around and will likely be much larger than they are today.
10 stocks we like better than oktawhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and okta wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 teresa kersten, an employee of linkedin, a microsoft subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. nicholas rossolillo owns shares of fortinet, microsoft, okta, palo alto networks, splunk, and zscaler, inc. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends blackberry, check point software technologies, microsoft, okta, palo alto networks, splunk, and zscaler, inc. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $85 calls on microsoft. the motley fool recommends fortinet. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
in tech, everything old becomes new again at some point. for example, centralized computing through a mainframe terminal in 1970 is, today, strikingly similar to delivering apps to a browser via the cloud.
we haven't always enjoyed mainframe-like speed and reliability on the web. in 1999, the web was slowing, even as it was growing. too many users competing for too few servers and too few resources on which to route traffic via the (ahem) "information superhighway" led to digital collisions that could keep websites from loading for minutes at a time. akamai technologies (nasdaq: akam) was born to solve that problem and dominates the niche to this day. but thanks to fastly (nyse: fsly), which only went public on may 16, that could be changing.
the fastly team at the new york stock exchange to ring the opening bell. image source: artur bergman on twitter.
more on fastly's disruptive potential in a minute. first, let's talk about its similarities with akamai. both companies and others like them provide what are called content delivery networks (cdns). think of them as a second internet where systems and software work in concert to bring static and dynamic website content and apps closer to the users consuming it. the closer the content, the faster the delivery.
second, akamai and fastly have magnetic and deeply appealing founding stories.
mit professor and current ceo dr. tom leighton and the late danny lewin (an mit grad student who worked closely with leighton before succumbing during the sept. 2001 attacks on new york's world trade center) founded akamai in 1998 after vowing to find a mathematical way to dramatically improve the speed of the internet. their algorithms and theories helped give birth to the original cdn architecture. accordingly, they deserve at least partial credit for making the web the commerce machine it is today.
fastly is the brainchild of swedish developer artur bergman, who helped found the velocity tech conference in 2008 before founding fastly three years later on the premise that if you build the right infrastructure (using ultra-fast solid-state drives, primarily), orchestrated with good open-source tools (the varnish web accelerator), you could at least rival and maybe beat other cdns running less efficiently.
in this way, i think of bergman, lewin, and leighton as kindred spirits but with fundamentally different takes on how to build and optimize a cdn. fastly's focus is open-source software; akamai's approach has been server-driven with the computers controlled and optimized via software at the company's network operators centers (noc). (in its earlier days, akamai would report its server count as a reflection of the company's ability to bring content closer to people.)
the differences between akamai and fastly become more stark, in my opinion, in the buyer and users of these differing cdns. akamai's scale and history appeals to chief information officers and chief information security officers, while fastly, in bergman's words, was "developed for developers, by developers."
being that i'm a business-focused investor and analyst by trade, i decided to test bergman's claim with the developers who run our siteops here at fool.com. is fastly really that much of a developer-friendly platform? all three i talked to said yes.
even better, they say, is fastly has built tools that make the developer-familiar language and features of varnish -- the open-source code base and web accelerator upon which fastly was built -- easier to work with tools for quickly comparing changes, rolling back mistakes, and performing common actions without writing any code at all. as you might imagine, that's a brilliant nod to developers who've wasted hours pouring over lines of code to find the misplaced character that's breaking the system.
i can't stress enough how important this is. unless you've already built a dominant global franchise and you're able to afford akamai's lineup of add-ons and tuck-in services, managing and tuning the cdn is going to be a developer's job. fastly's understanding of and catering to developers on their terms to optimize the web and app experience all the way down to the roots is a huge advantage.
as history has shown over and over and over again -- most recently with mongodb -- it's the developers who dictate where the budget is spent and how value is created. in the content-delivery business, their money is on fastly. my advice is to join them and invest in this recent ipo.
10 stocks we like better than fastly inc.when investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and fastly inc. wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 tim beyers owns shares of mongodb. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends mongodb. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
content-delivery specialist limelight networks (nasdaq: llnw) reported second-quarter results wednesday evening. the results fell short of analyst expectations and management slashed their full-year estimates across the board, with an eye toward acceleration in the back half that should carry over into 2020. investors shrugged at the promise of long-term improvements and focused on the more disappointing details instead, sending share prices as much as 15.2% lower in thursday's trading session. at the end of the day, limelight had recovered to close the session down 10.2%.
here's a closer look at limelight networks' current and near-future business trends.
data source: limelight networks. gaap = generally accepted accounting principles.
in the earnings call, cfo sajid malhotra highlighted his company's strong position in the video-delivery market, which looks like a market-beating niche for the foreseeable future. in particular, limelight should be able to steal content-delivery market share from archrival akamai technologies, thanks to limelight's stronger stance in video streaming.
i think that the video segment is growing at a much faster rate, and i think that the quality that those customers want matches up better with our capabilities. and obviously the price points for delivering quality video are higher than delivering, non-discriminate software, for example, in the middle of the night. so, we think that we are participating in the right part of the market where the growth rates are particularly high.
10 stocks we like better than limelight networkswhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and limelight networks wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. anders bylund owns shares of amazon and netflix. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amazon and netflix. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
looking at options trading activity among components of the russell 3000 index, there is noteworthy activity today in shutterstock inc (symbol: sstk), where a total volume of 932 contracts has been traded thus far today, a contract volume which is representative of approximately 93,200 underlying shares (given that every 1 contract represents 100 underlying shares). that number works out to 54.6% of sstk's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 170,695 shares. especially high volume was seen for the $37.50 strike put option expiring august 16, 2019, with 842 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 84,200 underlying shares of sstk. below is a chart showing sstk's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $37.50 strike highlighted in orange:
akamai technologies inc (symbol: akam) saw options trading volume of 4,978 contracts, representing approximately 497,800 underlying shares or approximately 53.4% of akam's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 931,515 shares.
particularly high volume was seen for the $90 strike call option expiring august 16, 2019, with 781 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 78,100 underlying shares of akam. below is a chart showing akam's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $90 strike highlighted in orange:
and veeva systems inc (symbol: veev) options are showing a volume of 6,099 contracts thus far today. that number of contracts represents approximately 609,900 underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 53.2% of veev's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 1.1 million shares.
particularly high volume was seen for the $185 strike call option expiring august 16, 2019, with 661 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 66,100 underlying shares of veev. below is a chart showing veev's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $185 strike highlighted in orange:
for the various different available expirations for sstk options, akam options, or veev options, visit stockoptionschannel.com.
today's most active call & put options of the s&p 500 "
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
looking at the underlying holdings of the etfs in our coverage universe at etf channel , we have compared the trading price of each holding against the average analyst 12-month forward target price, and computed the weighted average implied analyst target price for the etf itself. for the vanguard growth etf (symbol: vug), we found that the implied analyst target price for the etf based upon its underlying holdings is $170.16 per unit.
with vug trading at a recent price near $154.90 per unit, that means that analysts see 9.85% upside for this etf looking through to the average analyst targets of the underlying holdings. three of vug's underlying holdings with notable upside to their analyst target prices are alkermes plc (symbol: alks), akamai technologies inc (symbol: akam), and total system services, inc. (symbol: tss). although alks has traded at a recent price of $33.57/share, the average analyst target is 15.51% higher at $38.78/share. similarly, akam has 15.04% upside from the recent share price of $70.78 if the average analyst target price of $81.43/share is reached, and analysts on average are expecting tss to reach a target price of $102.88/share, which is 11.08% above the recent price of $92.61. below is a twelve month price history chart comparing the stock performance of alks, akam, and tss:
below is a summary table of the current analyst target prices discussed above:
name
symbol
recent price
avg. analyst 12-mo. target
% upside to target
vanguard growth etf
vug
$154.90
$170.16
9.85%
alkermes plc
alks
$33.57
$38.78
15.51%
akamai technologies inc
akam
$70.78
$81.43
15.04%
total system services, inc.
tss
$92.61
$102.88
11.08%
are analysts justified in these targets, or overly optimistic about where these stocks will be trading 12 months from now? do the analysts have a valid justification for their targets, or are they behind the curve on recent company and industry developments? a high price target relative to a stock's trading price can reflect optimism about the future, but can also be a precursor to target price downgrades if the targets were a relic of the past. these are questions that require further investor research.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
akamai technologies' (nasdaq: akam) has seen a notable reversal in its fortunes since elliott capital management invested in the company. not only has the company's stock performance been looking up, but its financial performance has also improved. in particular the company's cloud security business has been growing consistently, even as business from internet-platform customers has stabilized. trefis highlights trends in akamai's revenues over recent years along with our forecast for 2020 and 2021 in an interactive dashboard.
we maintain a $87 fair value for akamai's stock - with cloud security expected to be the primary driver for the company's value. you can modify any of the key drivers to visualize the impact of changes on the company's valuation. additionally, you will find more trefis information technology data here.
what need does it serve?
akamai's two divisions (1) media and carrier division, and (2) web division, expected to contribute roughly $1.3 billion (45%) and $1.6 billion (55%) to its total revenue estimate of $2.9 billion for full-year 2019
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
apple (nasdaq: aapl) ceo tim cook didn't waste any time kicking off the company's keynote presentation on tuesday morning. while the main focus of the annual september product launch is usually the iphone, cook first provided some updates on two of the tech giant's upcoming services: apple arcade and apple tv+.
while the tech company announced apple arcade and apple tv+ alongside two other new services -- apple news+ and apple card -- earlier this year, it hadn't provided many details about the video game and television subscription services until now. on tuesday, apple revealed both services' prices, launch dates, and other details.
here's what you should know.
apple arcade is a subscription service that gives users unlimited access to a library of games. the service, apple announced, will cost $4.99 a month and will come with a one-month free trial. this price is for individual subscribers or a family of up to six members.
initially, the game will include a catalog of over 100 games and will be available in more than 150 countries.
apple's streaming-tv service, apple tv+, is launching on nov. 1. the new, ad-free subscription service will be offered in over 100 countries and will feature original shows, movies, and documentaries. some of the new shows available on the service's first day include the morning show, starring reese witherspoon, jennifer aniston, and steve carell; dickinson, a story about a rebellious young poet; and see, a drama starring jason momoa and alfre woodard.
the new service will cost $4.99 a month and include a seven-day free trial. in addition, customers who purchase a new iphone, ipad, apple tv, ipod touch, or mac will get one year of free access to apple tv+. like the apple arcade subscription, up to six family members can be included in a single subscription.
more new original shows will be added to the app each month, apple said.
competition in streaming tv has been heating up. walt disney (nyse: dis) is launching its streaming service on nov. 12 for just $6.99 a month. the new service, called disney+, will include new originals, as well as access to pixar, marvel, star wars, disney movies, and more. in addition, disney announced a $12.99-per-month bundle that will include access to disney+, espn+, and hulu.
it's no surprise to see apple pricing its services aggressively. the company likely wants to ensure it grabs market share in these new categories quickly, as services are becoming an increasingly important pillar to apple's business. services revenue in the company's most recent quarter increased 13% year over year. this compares to apple's 1% growth in its consolidated top line over the same time frame. in addition, it was a record quarter for the company's services business.
10 stocks we like better than applewhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and apple wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 daniel sparks has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends apple and walt disney. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $60 calls on walt disney, short october 2019 $125 calls on walt disney, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
among the underlying components of the s&p 500 index, we saw noteworthy options trading volume today in walgreens boots alliance inc (symbol: wba), where a total of 84,237 contracts have traded so far, representing approximately 8.4 million underlying shares. that amounts to about 123% of wba's average daily trading volume over the past month of 6.8 million shares. especially high volume was seen for the $54 strike put option expiring april 18, 2019 , with 6,303 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 630,300 underlying shares of wba. below is a chart showing wba's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $54 strike highlighted in orange:
akamai technologies inc (symbol: akam) options are showing a volume of 6,618 contracts thus far today. that number of contracts represents approximately 661,800 underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 54.3% of akam's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 1.2 million shares. especially high volume was seen for the $75 strike call option expiring april 12, 2019 , with 1,501 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 150,100 underlying shares of akam. below is a chart showing akam's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $75 strike highlighted in orange:
and lamb weston holdings inc (symbol: lw) options are showing a volume of 8,515 contracts thus far today. that number of contracts represents approximately 851,500 underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 53.1% of lw's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 1.6 million shares. particularly high volume was seen for the $75 strike call option expiring april 18, 2019 , with 3,328 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 332,800 underlying shares of lw. below is a chart showing lw's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $75 strike highlighted in orange:
for the various different available expirations for wba options , akam options , or lw options , visit stockoptionschannel.com.
today's most active call & put options of the s&p 500 "
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
in early trading on monday, shares of viacom topped the list of the day's best performing components of the s&p 500 index, trading up 5.6%. year to date, viacom registers a 4.1% gain.
and the worst performing s&p 500 component thus far on the day is akamai technologies, trading down 4.8%. akamai technologies is showing a gain of 11.0% looking at the year to date performance.
two other components making moves today are twenty-first century fox, trading down 3.2%, and nordstrom trading up 2.0% on the day.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
akamai technologies, inc . akam is benefiting from robust performance of cloud security business, and notable growth in media and carrier division.
growing clout of company's kona site defender, nominum services, new bot manager premier and prolexic solutions deserves a special mention.
in fact, kona site defender recently secured "best web application solution" award at sc media's 23rd annual sc awards ceremony, held at rsa conference in san francisco.
management remains optimistic over the growing influence of its security solutions among media customers, in particular.
notably, akamai is one of the notable cloud security providers. it exited fourth quarter 2018 with a run-rate of around $750 million for security business.
further, in fourth-quarter 2018, akamai reported cloud security solutions (representing 26% of total revenues) revenues of $185 million, surging almost 36% year over year (up 38% adjusted for foreign exchange).
solid growth was driven by robust demand forenterprise application access and enterprise threat protector.
cyber security is an area that holds a lot of promise in our view. hackers are utilizingnew and sophisticated techniques to take advantage of the security loopholes of the cloud.
with rapid adoption of cloud computing, security has become a major concern for enterprises.large enterprises are anticipatedto increase their security budgets to efficiently address security concerns and instill confidence in cloud computing.
in fact, the global it spending on "security technology" is projected to exceed $124 billion in 2019 by gartner. moreover, per marketsandmarkets, the cybersecurity market is expected to witnessa cagr of 10.2% between 2018 and 2023 to reach $248.26 billion.
we believe that growing demand for akamai's security solutions will translate into significant growth opportunities over the long term.
akamai concluded the buyout of janrain in an all-cash transaction in the recent past. with the acquisition, the company expects to enhance its security solutions portfolio amid growing data traffic.
specifically, akamai intends to benefit from the integration of janrain's identity cloud with its intelligent edge platform. the integration will enable akamai to provide enhanced secure services to its ciam customers, in turn bolstering engagement. the incremental revenues generated as a result, are anticipated to favor the top line.
management is optimistic about the adoption of the latest zero trust enterprise security solution and expects the offering to be a key sales driver, going ahead.
notably, synergies from nominum acquisition (completed in nov, 2017) are enabling akamai to enhance enterprise threat protector solution as well as expand presence among carrier and enterprise customers.
akamai's strong balance sheet enables it to pursue any growth strategy that includes acquisitions and further share repurchase. as of dec 31, 2018, akamai's cash and cash equivalents (and marketable securities) were $1.89 billion compared with $1.80 billion recorded at the end of the previous quarter. moreover, the company has no long-term debt.
we note that akamai has an impressive earnings surprise history. the company outpaced the zacks consensus estimate in the trailing four quarters, recording a positive earnings surprise of 9.5%.
notably, over the past 60 days, the zacks consensus estimate for current quarter has moved north by 4.1% to $1.02 per share. the figure reflects year-over-year growth of 29.1%. further, long-term earnings growth for akamai is pegged at 14.7%.
akamai technologies, inc. price and consensus | akamai technologies, inc. quote
akamai currently carries a zacks rank #2 (buy).
some other top-ranked stocks in the broader technology sector include cadence design systems, inc cdns , synopsys, inc. snps and symantec corporation symc , each sporting a zacks rank #1 (strong buy). you can see the complete list of today's zacks #1 rank stocks here .
long-term earnings growth rate for cadence, synopsys and symantec is pegged at 12%, 10% and 7.9%, respectively.
would you like to see the updated picks from our best market-beating strategies? from 2017 through 2018, while the s&p 500 gained +15.8%, five of our screens returned +38.0%, +61.3%, +61.6%, +68.1%, and +98.3%.
this outperformance has not just been a recent phenomenon. from 2000 - 2018, while the s&p averaged +4.8% per year, our top strategies averaged up to +56.2% per year.
want the latest recommendations from zacks investment research? today, you can download 7 best stocks for the next 30 days. click to get this free report
symantec corporation (symc): free stock analysis report
synopsys, inc. (snps): free stock analysis report
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
science applications international corporationsaic is set to report fourth-quarter fiscal 2019 earnings on mar 28.
the company's earnings surpassed the zacks consensus estimate in each of the trailing four quarters, the average being 21.9%.
for the fiscal fourth quarter, the zacks consensus estimate for revenues is pegged at $1.18 billion, reflecting a 4.17% improvement year over year. for earnings, the consensus estimate stands at 89 cents, indicating a decline of 23.28% year over year.
let's see how things are shaping up prior to this announcement.
saic continues to benefit from a strong performance of its contract portfolio. the company's capability to sustain its existing contracts coupled with newly awarded contracts across the customer portfolio is a tailwind. moreover, higher number of orders in its supply chain is a positive.
further, achieving the aws government competency status last november is a critical advancement in the company's cloud practice. the status boosts the confidence of saic government clients regarding the effective integration of saic's technical expertise and knowledge of its aws capabilities and services.
during the fiscal fourth quarter, the company was awarded a $57-million worth seaport-e task order with a year-long base period and four more optional years by the u.s. navy. this task order followed another seaport-e task order worth $37 million, awarded to saic for providing the nswc (naval surface warfare center), panama city with its mission support services.
the company also completed the acquisition of engility in the quarter under discussion, which is likely to help expand its market opportunity and drive its revenue and costs synergies.
however, it is feared that the partial government shutdown might have delayed new awards and contract wins for the company. therefore, it remains to be seen how much impact the shutdown had on its top line.
science applications international corporation price and eps surprise | science applications international corporation quote
our proven zacks model clearly indicates that a company with a zacks rank #1 (strong buy), 2 (buy) or 3 (hold) has good chances of beating estimates if it also has a positive earnings esp . zacks rank #4 (sell) or 5 (strong sell) stocks are best avoided. you can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they're reported with our earnings esp filter .
saic has a zacks rank #3, which increases the predictive power of esp but its earnings esp of -1.72% in the combination leaves surprise prediction inconclusive this earnings season.
here are a few stocks worth considering as our model shows that these have the right combination of elements to beat on earnings in the upcoming releases:
gogo inc. gogo has an earnings esp of +2.36% and a zacks rank #2. you can see the complete list of today's zacks #1 rank stocks here .
meetme, inc. meet has an earnings esp of +5.88% and is a #2 ranked stock.
akamai technologies, inc. akam has an earnings esp of +5.167% and a zacks rank of 2.
would you like to see the updated picks from our best market-beating strategies? from 2017 through 2018, while the s&p 500 gained +15.8%, five of our screens returned +38.0%, +61.3%, +61.6%, +68.1%, and +98.3%.
this outperformance has not just been a recent phenomenon. from 2000 - 2018, while the s&p averaged +4.8% per year, our top strategies averaged up to +56.2% per year.
want the latest recommendations from zacks investment research? today, you can download 7 best stocks for the next 30 days. click to get this free report
meetme, inc. (meet): free stock analysis report
gogo inc. (gogo): free stock analysis report
zacks investment research
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
looking at the sectors faring worst as of midday monday, shares of technology & communications companies are underperforming other sectors, showing a 1.1% loss. within that group, akamai technologies inc (symbol: akam) and micron technology inc. (symbol: mu) are two large stocks that are lagging, showing a loss of 3.9% and 3.4%, respectively. among technology etfs , one etf following the sector is the technology select sector spdr etf (symbol: xlk), which is down 1.0% on the day, and up 17.48% year-to-date. akamai technologies inc, meanwhile, is up 12.10% year-to-date, and micron technology inc. is up 26.73% year-to-date. combined, akam and mu make up approximately 1.1% of the underlying holdings of xlk.
the next worst performing sector is the healthcare sector, showing a 0.6% loss. among large healthcare stocks, abiomed, inc. (symbol: abmd) and cardinal health, inc. (symbol: cah) are the most notable, showing a loss of 2.8% and 2.7%, respectively. one etf closely tracking healthcare stocks is the health care select sector spdr etf ( xlv ), which is down 0.5% in midday trading, and up 4.62% on a year-to-date basis. abiomed, inc., meanwhile, is down 3.35% year-to-date, and cardinal health, inc. is up 7.19% year-to-date. combined, abmd and cah make up approximately 0.8% of the underlying holdings of xlv.
comparing these stocks and etfs on a trailing twelve month basis, below is a relative stock price performance chart, with each of the symbols shown in a different color as labeled in the legend at the bottom:
here's a snapshot of how the s&p 500 components within the various sectors are faring in afternoon trading on monday. as you can see, three sectors are up on the day, while five sectors are down.
25 dividend giants widely held by etfs "
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
among the underlying components of the s&p 500 index, we saw noteworthy options trading volume today in ipg photonics corp (symbol: ipgp), where a total of 2,102 contracts have traded so far, representing approximately 210,200 underlying shares. that amounts to about 49.5% of ipgp's average daily trading volume over the past month of 424,620 shares. particularly high volume was seen for the $145 strike call option expiring july 19, 2019, with 1,303 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 130,300 underlying shares of ipgp. below is a chart showing ipgp's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $145 strike highlighted in orange:
akamai technologies inc (symbol: akam) saw options trading volume of 4,107 contracts, representing approximately 410,700 underlying shares or approximately 48.3% of akam's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 851,105 shares.
particularly high volume was seen for the $90 strike call option expiring august 16, 2019, with 2,000 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 200,000 underlying shares of akam. below is a chart showing akam's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $90 strike highlighted in orange:
and fedex corp (symbol: fdx) options are showing a volume of 10,032 contracts thus far today. that number of contracts represents approximately 1.0 million underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 48% of fdx's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 2.1 million shares.
especially high volume was seen for the $160 strike put option expiring june 21, 2019, with 700 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 70,000 underlying shares of fdx. below is a chart showing fdx's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $160 strike highlighted in orange:
for the various different available expirations for ipgp options, akam options, or fdx options, visit stockoptionschannel.com.
today's most active call & put options of the s&p 500 "
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
by daniel sparks
the apple (nasdaq: aapl) product launch on tuesday was packed with news. on the hardware front, the tech giant released the iphone 11, iphone 11 pro, and iphone 11 pro max; the apple watch series 5, and a new version of the entry-level ipad. but the tech company also shared more details on two of its upcoming services: apple arcade and apple tv+.
with the iphone segment accounting for over half of apple's revenue, it was no surprise that the company's latest versions were the main event for the keynote. but what was interesting is that it wasn't necessarily the flagship iphone that stole the show on tuesday. instead, it was the aggressive pricing of the new iphone 11 and the subsequent price cut to the current iphone xr that grabbed the spotlight.
here's a look at the newest iphones, and why the competitive pricing was a narrative that caught investors' attention.
the iphone 11. image source: apple.
as was the case last year, the lineup is made up of three new iphones: one lower-cost iphone and two high-end models. to differentiate the two higher-end smartphones from the cheapest new one, apple gave the more expensive models a "pro" designation this year.
iphone 11 (starting at $699): in many ways, this is the successor to the iphone xr that apple launched last year. priced lower than the iphone 11 pro and iphone 11 pro max, it is available in more colors, has a liquid crystal display (lcd) instead of the organic light-emitting diode (oled) version on the higher-end models, and has a display that measures 6.1 inches. setting it apart from the iphone xr, the new phone has a better camera, improved battery life, and apple's new a13 bionic processor.
iphone 11 pro (starting at $999): compared with the iphone 11, the iphone 11 pro has a smaller display size of 5.8 inches. but it has an oled display, and an even better camera system than the iphone 11. it also includes the latest a13 bionic chip.
iphone 11 pro max (starting at $1,099): the new flagship iphone replaces the iphone xs max. it is mostly the same as the iphone 11 pro but has a 6.5-inch display and five more hours of battery life compared with the iphone xs max, giving it the longest battery life of any iphone. while the iphone 11 certainly isn't cheap, it's notably priced $50 lower than the iphone xr's $749 starting price last year. perhaps even more surprising, apple dropped the price of its one-year-old iphone xr by $150, to $599.
the aggressive pricing could give the iphone segment a much-needed boost. its revenue has been declining, and iphone unit sales, which the company stopped reporting as they started to trend downward, are likely still falling as well.
as apple transitions to a business model that is focused on monetizing its base of active users with an increasingly robust slate of services, it makes sense to make its iphones more affordable. this could reinvigorate unit sales growth, which could ultimately bolster the company's installed base of active users, who it can monetize with apps and services in the coming years.
10 stocks we like better than apple
when investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and apple wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 daniel sparks has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends apple. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
looking at options trading activity among components of the russell 3000 index, there is noteworthy activity today in j.b. hunt transport services, inc. (symbol: jbht), where a total volume of 4,721 contracts has been traded thus far today, a contract volume which is representative of approximately 472,100 underlying shares (given that every 1 contract represents 100 underlying shares). that number works out to 49% of jbht's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 963,265 shares. especially high volume was seen for the $85 strike put option expiring july 19, 2019, with 921 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 92,100 underlying shares of jbht. below is a chart showing jbht's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $85 strike highlighted in orange:
rh (symbol: rh) saw options trading volume of 4,050 contracts, representing approximately 405,000 underlying shares or approximately 48.2% of rh's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 839,600 shares.
particularly high volume was seen for the $128 strike call option expiring august 02, 2019, with 814 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 81,400 underlying shares of rh. below is a chart showing rh's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $128 strike highlighted in orange:
and akamai technologies inc (symbol: akam) options are showing a volume of 4,899 contracts thus far today. that number of contracts represents approximately 489,900 underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 46.5% of akam's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 1.1 million shares.
especially high volume was seen for the $95 strike call option expiring august 16, 2019, with 793 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 79,300 underlying shares of akam. below is a chart showing akam's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $95 strike highlighted in orange:
for the various different available expirations for jbht options, rh options, or akam options, visit stockoptionschannel.com.
today's most active call & put options of the s&p 500 "
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
by benjamin rains
apple aapl is once again a $1 trillion company, joining microsoft msft, with shares up 8% in the past month. the tech giant's shares have also jumped over 5% this week as wall street seems pleased with apple's latest round of iphones and its streaming tv plans.
apple unveiled its newest iphones at its now customary pre-holiday shopping season event on tuesday, led by ceo tim cook and other top executives. the firm showed off three new iphones, under the new 11 branding.
the smartphones feature apple's somewhat standard updates, which include better battery life and faster processors. what separates the two new higher-priced smartphones (iphone 11 pro & 11 pro max: starting at $999) from their less expensive peer (iphone 11: starting at $699), is a triple-camera system. apple also dropped the price of last year's iphone xr by 20% ($599), with the iphone 8 starting at $449.
consumers might be more prone to buy the higher-end iphone 11s because the price points roughly match last year's new high-end models--after years of rising prices. perhaps more importantly, the new iphone 11 base model is actually $50 cheaper than last year's comparable offering. clearly, apple wants to give consumers every reason possible to upgrade to new phones after a year of poor iphone sales, especially since there is nothing earth-shattering about the new phones.
apple tv+ & services wall street, investors, and apple fans have waited for more details on apple's foray into the streaming tv world for months. they now have all they can hope for until they get to use the streaming service for the first time on november 1--disney+ debuts on nov. 12. anyone who buys a new iphone, ipad, mac, or other qualifying devices will get a year worth of apple tv+ for free. the service will otherwise cost $4.99 per month, after a seven-day free trial and be available on the apple tv app.
apple's streaming tv offering is clearly priced to move, as it comes in well below hbo go's t $14.99 per month, netflix's nflx $15.99 premium plan, amazon amzn prime's $12.99--which comes with shipping perks--and disney+ at $6.99. aside from trying not to force users into a decision between apple+ or netflix, the price-point represents how little content will be available at launch.
apple tv+ will feature roughly 10 shows at launch, including a fictional space race-era show called for all mankind, a show starring jennifer aniston, reese witherspoon, and steve carell titled the morning show, and post-apocalyptic drama see. apple will then slowly build up its library of shows, which is set to feature more a-list hollywood stars both in front of and behind the camera. the iphone maker is also likely viewing apple tv+ as a kind of loss-leader for now, since it reportedly spent roughly $15 million an episode to make see.
apple is making a long-term play to convert more of its roughly 1 billion hardware users into services customers. this business, which includes its app store, spotify spot challenger apple music, a monthly magazine-heavy news service, and an apple credit card, will also soon feature apple arcade. the company's big push into the video game world will feature access to roughly 100 titles for $4.99 per month and launch on september 19. apple hopes to grab a piece of the $68.5 billion global mobile game market.
the ongoing u.s. and china trade war spooked some apple investors early, but cook has been in constant contact with president trump and its biggest products have remained untouched. plus, the last few days have seen both china and the u.s. slightly change their tunes as the two sides prepare to meet once again in a few weeks.
apple's iphone sales did slip in each of the last three quarters, as did the firm's greater china revenue. the company has found it harder to sell its higher-priced smartphones in a market with so many less expensive options available.
meanwhile, iphone sales slipped on the back of hard to compare periods, which means a 2020 turn around could be in store. in fact, apple's sales popped 1% last quarter (q3 fiscal 2019) after revenue slipped 5.1% in q2 and 4.5% in q1. q4 outlook & beyond looking ahead, apple's fourth-quarter 2019 revenue is projected to slip 0.56% from the year-ago period to $62.55 billion, based on our zacks consensus estimates. this, however, comes against q4 2018's 20% top-line expansion. overall, aapl's full-year fiscal 2019 revenue is projected to dip 2.7% to reach $258.28 billion.
apple's first quarter 2020 revenue, which includes the key holiday shopping period, is expected to jump 1.5% to $85.54 billion. peeking further ahead, aapl's fiscal 2020 revenue is projected to climb 3.8% above our 2019 estimate to touch $268.01 billion and top 2018's figure.
at the bottom end of the income statement, apple is expected to see its q4 earnings sink 2.75%, with full-year 2019's eps figure set to fall 1.85%. then, apple's q1 2020 earnings are projected to surge 6.2% over the prior-year quarter, with full-year 2020 expected to come in 11.5% above our 2019 estimates.
along with apple's strong 2020 growth outlook, the firm has seen its earnings estimate revision picture trend heavily upward recently, especially for q4 and fiscal 2019. aapl is a zacks rank #3 (hold) at the moment that sports an "a" grade for momentum in our style scores system.
we can see that apple has traded at a higher forward price/sales ratio over the last year (4.2 vs. current 3.8). more importantly, apple is the only of the so-called faang stocks that pays a dividend. the company's current annualized dividend is $3.08 per share, for a 1.38% yield. this compares relatively favorably to the 10-year u.s. treasury note's 1.7%.
apple also has over $200 billion in cash on hand, which means it is likely to continue its massive buyback program. therefore, investors should consider aapl stock as a safe-haven investment, amid our current market uncertainty, with the added potential for big gains.
breakout biotech stocks with triple-digit profit potential
the biotech sector is projected to surge beyond $775 billion by 2024 as scientists develop treatments for thousands of diseases. they're also finding ways to edit the human genome to literally erase our vulnerability to these diseases.
zacks has just released century of biology: 7 biotech stocks to buy right now to help investors profit from 7 stocks poised for outperformance. our recent biotech recommendations have produced gains of +98%, +119% and +164% in as little as 1 month. the stocks in this report could perform even better.see these 7 breakthrough stocks now>>
want the latest recommendations from zacks investment research? today, you can download 7 best stocks for the next 30 days. click to get this free report
 amazon.com, inc. (amzn): free stock analysis report
 netflix, inc. (nflx): free stock analysis report
 at&t inc. (t): free stock analysis report
 apple inc. (aapl): free stock analysis report
 microsoft corporation (msft): free stock analysis report
 spotify technology sa (spot): free stock analysis report
 to read this article on zacks.com click here.
 zacks investment research
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
apple (nasdaq: aapl) confirmed pricing and availability for apple tv+ and apple arcade last week. both services will cost $5 per month and can be shared within a family, but that's about where the strategic similarities end. apple arcade launches this thursday, while apple tv+ debuts on nov. 1. the company is taking very different approaches with the services, in part because each one is entering dramatically different markets.
apple has reportedly boosted its original content budget for apple tv+ to a whopping $6 billion, significantly more than the $500 million that the tech giant is investing in its mobile gaming service. yet the mac maker is giving away a free year of apple tv+ to customers that buy hardware, while apple arcade has no such promotion. for those not in the market for a new apple device, apple tv+ will have a seven-day free trial, much shorter than apple arcade's one-month free trial.
in other words, apple is willing to forego recouping its much larger investment in apple tv+ content but wants apple arcade subscribers to open their wallets sooner. the disparity all traces back to the company's relative strength in those respective markets.
apple knows it's coming from behind in video streaming, and the service's value proposition won't stack up favorably next to competing services. the streaming wars are only going to get more intensely competitive over the next year. that's why the tech titan needs to get aggressive with pricing, undercutting many rivals but also offering a far smaller catalog of tv shows and movies.
in contrast, apple is a dominant player in mobile gaming, which accounts for an estimated 74% of mobile consumer spending. consumer spending on mobile gaming is now 20% larger than all other gaming formats combined, and ios monetizes at much stronger levels than android. however, many of the business practices in mobile gaming have devolved to what many critics consider to be predatory, particularly as they relate to children.
the mobile gaming industry is now dominated by freemium titles that monetize with in-app purchases and microtransactions, all while displaying an excessive number of ads for other games that monetize with in-app purchases and microtransactions. it's an endless cycle. apple has faced numerous lawsuits from upset parents over enabling such practices, while simultaneously grappling with accusations that its devices are too addictive.
apple arcade hopes to address those pitfalls. none of the included titles will have ads or in-app purchases, and apple arcade has the potential to improve the underlying economics of mobile games while securing exclusive high-quality titles in order to build its services business. unlike apple tv+'s relatively sparse catalog, apple arcade will launch with over 100 titles.
in mobile gaming, apple is coming from a position of strength while offering a compelling value proposition, so it doesn't need to be nearly as aggressive.
10 stocks we like better than apple
when investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and apple wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
*stock advisor returns as of june 1, 2019
evan niu, cfa owns shares of apple. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends apple. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $155 calls on apple and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
in early trading on wednesday, shares of akamai technologies (akam) topped the list of the day's best performing components of the s&p 500 index, trading up 7.0%. year to date, akamai technologies registers a 47.2% gain.
and the worst performing s&p 500 component thus far on the day is advanced micro devices (amd), trading down 8.6%. advanced micro devices is showing a gain of 67.7% looking at the year to date performance.
two other components making moves today are molson coors brewing (tap), trading down 7.2%, and electronic arts (ea), trading up 6.6% on the day.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
synnex corporationsnx is slated to release first-quarter fiscal 2019 results on mar 27.
notably, the company surpassed the zacks consensus estimate in each of the trailing four quarters, the average being 5.53%.
in the las t report ed quarter, the company's earnings and revenues beat the zacks consensus estimate and also its guided range. moreover, the top and the bottom line recorded a year-over-year improvement.
for the fiscal first quarter, synnex expects revenues in the range of $5.225-$5.425 billion. the zacks consensus estimate is pegged at $5.29 billion, which is 16.1% higher than the figure reported in the year-ago quarter.
non-gaap earnings per share are projected in the band of $2.70-$2.8. the zacks consensus estimate stands at $2.73, representing a year-over-year increase of 27.8%.
let's see how things are shaping up prior to this announcement.
synnex is benefiting from a solid performance in both its businesses, stable marketplaces and a solid execution. further, leverage from the company's scale and its recent investments are driving its bottom line.
moreover, in order to improve the business mix, the company is replacing lower margin services with higher value-added opportunities. although its strategy to move away from top customers to focus on more profitable businesses is an overhang on the top line, it is still proving to be beneficial to the bottom line.
the company's acquisition of covergys last october is a key growth driver. new business wins backed by its expanding footprint and increased capabilities of the new consolidation are key catalysts.
notably, in the earlier reported quarter, concentrix revenues were $972 million, up 82% from the prior-year quarter on the back of the convergys acquisition.
the zacks consensus estimate for the concentrix segment in the fiscal first quarter is pegged at $1.04 billion, reflecting a whopping 104.9% increase from the figure reported sequentially.
however, seasonality in the concentrix business and the impact of weakness in the telco segment on the purchased convergys makes us anxious.
on the last earnings call , management noted that technology solutions' year-over-year gross-to-net revenues accounting revenue headwind of around $150-$200 million associated with increased sales in software, cloud and security products, is reflected in the guidance. the effect of asc 606 adoption is also taken into consideration.
the zacks consensus estimate for the technology solutions segment is pegged at $4.23 billion, 4.4% up from the figure reported in the year-earlier quarter but 9% lower than the preceding quarter.
synnex corporation price and eps surprise | synnex corporation quote
our proven zacks model clearly indicates that a company with a zacks rank #1 (strong buy), 2 (buy) or 3 (hold) has good chances of beating estimates if it also has a positive earnings esp . zacks rank #4 (sell) or 5 (strong sell) stocks are best avoided. you can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they're reported with our earnings esp filter .
syynex has a zacks rank #3, which increases the predictive power of esp, but has an earnings esp of 0.00% in the combination, which makes surprise prediction difficult for the stock this earnings season.
here are a few stocks, which you may consider as our model shows that these have the right combination of elements to beat on earnings in the upcoming releases:
garmin ltd. grmn has an earnings esp of +1.29% and a zacks rank of 1. you can see the complete list of today's zacks #1 rank stocks here .
arista networks, inc. anet has an earnings esp of +5.71% and is a #1 ranked stock.
akamai technologies, inc. akam has an earnings esp of +5.16% and a zacks rank #2.
the biotech sector is projected to surge beyond $775 billion by 2024 as scientists develop treatments for thousands of diseases. they're also finding ways to edit the human genome to literally erase our vulnerability to these diseases.
zacks has just released century of biology: 7 biotech stocks to buy right now to help investors profit from 7 stocks poised for outperformance. our recent biotech recommendations have produced gains of +98%, +119% and +164% in as little as 1 month. the stocks in this report could perform even better.
want the latest recommendations from zacks investment research? today, you can download 7 best stocks for the next 30 days. click to get this free report
arista networks, inc. (anet): free stock analysis report
garmin ltd. (grmn): free stock analysis report
zacks investment research
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
looking at options trading activity among components of the s&p 500 index, there is noteworthy activity today in intuit inc (symbol: intu), where a total volume of 9,224 contracts has been traded thus far today, a contract volume which is representative of approximately 922,400 underlying shares (given that every 1 contract represents 100 underlying shares). that number works out to 54.4% of intu's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 1.7 million shares. especially high volume was seen for the $290 strike call option expiring may 24, 2019, with 2,837 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 283,700 underlying shares of intu. below is a chart showing intu's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $290 strike highlighted in orange:
akamai technologies inc (symbol: akam) saw options trading volume of 4,628 contracts, representing approximately 462,800 underlying shares or approximately 48.2% of akam's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 960,935 shares.
especially high volume was seen for the $83 strike call option expiring may 03, 2019, with 501 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 50,100 underlying shares of akam. below is a chart showing akam's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $83 strike highlighted in orange:
and lilly (eli) & co (symbol: lly) options are showing a volume of 26,262 contracts thus far today. that number of contracts represents approximately 2.6 million underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 47.7% of lly's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 5.5 million shares.
particularly high volume was seen for the $115 strike put option expiring june 21, 2019, with 5,318 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 531,800 underlying shares of lly. below is a chart showing lly's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $115 strike highlighted in orange:
for the various different available expirations for intu options, akam options, or lly options, visit stockoptionschannel.com.
today's most active call & put options of the s&p 500 "
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
