with the major indices scoring a fairly strong september, recession fears may have subsided for some. plus, certain metrics for the u.s. economy , suggesting that the bears are overplaying their hand. thus, loading up on dividend stocks to buy for a coming downturn seems unnecessary.
of course, i don't have a crystal ball: none of us do. perhaps president trump can convince the federal reserve to perform some fiscal voodoo, keeping the party going. still, i believe that no matter what your perspective is, dividend stocks represent an important component of your portfolio, and especially at this juncture.
first, let's look at reality. according to data from the federal reserve economic research, the average price of a house sold jumped over 37% since the beginning of this decade. in contrast, the hourly earnings of all employees only gained a little over 25% during the same period. in many markets, housing affordability greatly exceeds personal income. that's probably not a sustainable situation, which bolsters the case for recession-resistant dividend stocks to buy.
second, it's not just the u.s.-china trade war that drives the case for contextually defensive dividend stocks. because we live in a globalized economy, nothing occurs in a vacuum. germany is finding that out the hard way, with due to geopolitical conflicts. and if germany goes down, it could send a ripple effect everywhere else.
finally, the stock market's total market capitalization is 144% of the last reported gdp. that's , meaning you better be right about your non-recession call. otherwise, here are eight dividend stocks to buy:
source: jonathan weiss / shutterstock.com
i usually don't like to start off my list with speculative or overheated names. however, i'm going to make an exception for dollar general (nyse:). yes, dg stock has absolutely soared so far this year, gaining over 48% since january's opening session. also, i concede that after a huge jump late august, shares are liable to come down.
when or if they do, however, i'd look into picking up shares. primarily, the enthusiasm over dg stock has fundamental justification. both dollar general and rival dollar tree (nasdaq:) produced solid earnings results overall. for dollar general, the discount retailer raised its full-year guidance despite the ongoing u.s.-china trade war.
secondly, i think investors can reasonably expect bullishness to underline dg stock if our economy weakens. with wage growth not keeping pace with housing prices, a good-sized shock could disproportionately impact our labor market. that would drive increased traffic to discount retailers.
of course, compared to other dividend stocks to buy, dollar general's yield is nothing to write home about. but with its relevant business, dg may offer some capital growth to compensate.
source: helen89 / shutterstock.com
logically, recessions make everything worse. not only must you complete your usual routine, you also must do so with potentially less funds. but what's truly problematic is that recessions don't coincide to fit your timetable conveniently. if something goes wrong, it'll go wrong when it wants to. and that simple thesis underlines home depot (nyse:) and hd stock.
as with dollar general, hd stock has outperformed many other dividend stocks. therefore, i'm not necessarily fishing to buy shares right now, especially near all-time highs. but with every dip and dive, hd stock becomes increasingly appealing.
first, in my opinion, home depot has a moat against amazon (nasdaq:). while modern shoppers have gravitated toward the e-commerce platform, many shoppers prefer the brick-and-mortar experience. a big reason why is because they can see and test out products before purchase. this is especially crucial for home repair or renovation projects.
second, cash-strapped families are more likely to shop at home depot during an economic downturn. video platforms like alphabet's (nasdaq:, nasdaq:googl) youtube have made do-it-yourself projects more accessible. indirectly, this benefits hd stock as people are financially incentivized to roll up their sleeves.
source: jonathan weiss / shutterstock.com
a common theme among defensive dividend stocks to buy is that they have outperformed this year. for those who don't believe that we're facing a recession, they may want to consider why names like procter & gamble (nyse:) have delivered robust market returns. on a year-to-date basis, pg stock has jumped 36%.
in a world where drones fly your online purchases to your door, what procter & gamble offers seems incredibly boring: toothpaste, tampons, hair products, dishwashing liquid and laundry detergent, among many other product categories. at the same time, these are also necessities: unless it's an extremely severe one, recessions don't prevent people from taking care of themselves. hence, you have your case for pg stock.
moreover, as a stalwart among blue-chip dividend stocks, procter & gamble represents a safety valve for your portfolio. this is not a get-rich-overnight investment. it might not make you rich at all. however, the secular demand for the company's products should help pg stock weather the storm.
source: shutterstock
while recession-resistant consumer dividend stocks tend to emphasize the necessities, pepsico (nasdaq:) demonstrates that's not always the case. since the start of this year, pep stock has jumped over 27%. for traditional soft drink makers, the bullishness in this arena is a welcome change.
for many years, investors avoided pep stock and rival coca-cola (nyse:) because of shifting consumer behaviors. the major problem was that younger consumers eschewed sugary, carbonated drinks for healthier alternatives. that has led to frustrating sideways consolidation for shares of coca-cola, as well as pep stock.
to their credit, neither pepsico nor coca-cola took the consumer behavioral change lying down. specifically for pepsico, management shifted their priorities to higher-growth beverage segments, such as energy drinks. they've also invested heavily in bubly, pepsi's sparkling water brand.
best of all, these changes are working. pepsico scored an for its second-quarter report. also, a recession might provide an unexpected lift for pep stock. in a downturn, beggars can't be choosers. therefore, don't be surprised to see a lift in cheap, sugary soft drinks.
source: ilikeyellow / shutterstock.com
among dividend stocks to buy, disney (nyse:) presents a very tricky case. on the bearish end of the spectrum, the trade war has a direct impact on the global tourism industry. recently, the financial review noted that fewer chinese tourists are visiting australia, sounding alarm for the nation's tourism industry.
if the chinese aren't visiting countries close to them, they're certainly less inclined to visit the u.s. naturally, this may hurt dis stock, which enjoys a dominant presence in the theme park and resort space.
on the other hand, disney owns multiple resorts and entertainment properties throughout asia. even in economically rough circumstances, many families like to treat themselves to an excursion.
plus, other elements of disney's businesses are quite compelling in a slump. for example, the company is rolling out their streaming service called disney+. it features the magic kingdom's lucrative content library, along with shows inspired by marquee franchises like star wars. that's a huge plus for dis stock.
as far as the yield goes, many other dividend stocks offer superior passive income. however, disney has a very stable business that becomes net more attractive in a recession.
source: lester balajadia / shutterstock.com
although it frequently pops up in lists of dividend stocks to buy, at&t (nyse:) is somewhat of a controversial name. that's because the telecom giant has been very acquisitive, and many observers don't view this as a positive attribute. principally, at&t's $85 billion buyout of timewarner seemed excessive to conservative investors.
for a while, the detractors were dead-on with their assessment. since the early spring of 2017, t stock was mired in an ugly bearish trend channel. at its worst, shares closed below $30 in december of last year.
however, since hitting that bottom, t stock has looked much more interesting. i'll admit that the capital growth narrative is a more of a slow grind. but that's what dividend stocks do, right? additionally, while it inched higher, shareholders received a nice payout.
over the long run, i believe t stock has potential. first, the 5g rollout cannot occur with giants like at&t and rival verizon (nyse:) investing in the infrastructure. second, while the timewarner deal was expensive, it does give the company a valuable content empire.
source: over the past few months, i've consistently forwarded the argument that recessions place a premium on sources of entertainment. although americans are generally hard-working and have a history of working harder when the times get tough, we're not robots. we do , a distraction from our daily troubles. this is where cinemark (nyse:) and cnk stock come into the picture.
under the cinemark umbrella, the company has multiple brands: its namesake brand, century theatres, tinseltown usa, cinearts and rave cinemas. this allows the company to cater to different tastes. audience members can watch summer blockbusters in century theatres, often located in major metropolitan areas. for those who prefer classier affairs, they can enjoy films showing at cinearts.
but what really drives interest for cnk stock is its comparatively low overhead. cinemark features . therefore, the company is more profitable than its rivals.
another important factor for cnk stock is cinemark's lower ticket prices relative to the competition. with a possible recession on the horizon, low-cost leaders will look more attractive. therefore, don't overlook cinemark in your short list of dividend stocks to buy.
source: sundry photography / shutterstock.com
touting cinemark's comparatively low overhead, there doesn't seem to be much reason to talk about amc entertainment (nyse:). sure, people want a distraction from their troubles. additionally, as i've mentioned before about amc stock, it's money well spent. when you compare buying movie tickets to watching professional sports live, there's no comparison.
however, you can also say the same about cinemark. so what makes amc stock worth buying, especially considering the company's lower margins relative to cinemark? it comes down to that one word repeated three times: location, location, location.
take a look at cinemark's : i count a whopping 22 theaters. this covers los angeles county and a handful of locations in riverside and orange counties. interestingly, san diego gets zero love.
now compare that to amc. throughout high-market areas, you get extensive representation. plus, amc theatres tend to be located in nicer neighborhoods.
if these factors aren't enough to convince you to buy amc stock, it also pays a nearly 7% dividend yield for your troubles.
as of this writing, josh enomoto was long t stock and amc stock.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
(rttnews) - google has launched a new website called 'recover together,' a resource intended to help people recover from addiction or substance use disorder. the new service was launched by the search giant in recognition of the national recovery month in september. google noted that more than 23 million americans are recovering from addiction, while 20 million are still struggling to seek treatment.
the new website is part of google's ongoing efforts to combat the opioid crisis. the company said that in august, it saw an "all-time high" in search interest for things like "rehab near me," "addiction treatment near me" and "how to help an addict."
every september, the u.s. department of health & human services sponsors recovery month to increase awareness and understanding of mental and substance use disorders and celebrate the people who recover.
google said it is launching two new google maps locator tools that will connect people with crucial recovery resources, including a recovery locator tool and naloxone locator tool. the company is partnering with recovery resource hub to fill out maps.
the recovery locator tool is a map with locations of more than 83,000 recovery support meetings and other services such as school-based and family support. these meetings take place at more than 33,000 community centers, churches, and other spaces.
the naloxone locator tool can be used to locate pharmacies that offer naloxone, a non-prescription drug that can be used to treat opioid overdoses in an emergency situation. it already includes 20,000 pharmacies, including cvs, rite-aid and walgreens, in 50 states.
in addition to these new tools, the site points to other resources for those seeking treatment, including a self-assessment screener from the national institute of drug abuse and state-specific helpline resources and hotlines.
earlier this year, google maps began listing drug disposal locations on google maps where people can safely discard unneeded medications and help prevent drug misuse. the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
in barely four months on the public markets, many of the risks in uber technologies' (nyse: uber) business have revealed themselves: the company is losing billions of dollars a year; its growth is rapidly slowing; it's losing domestic market share to rival lyft; its uber eats business has been eclipsed by doordash; california is trying to make it treat drivers like employees rather than independent contractors, and the stock is down about 25% from its $45 ipo price, a sign that investors may already be losing faith.
however, one issue with uber has been largely ignored since the company went public in may. its financial reporting is among the most confusing of publicly traded companies as it offers a plethora of company-specific metrics. while the company supposedly provides additional metrics like "core platform revenue" to better explain its business and performance, often these metrics seem designed to obfuscate the company's true results or misdirect attention from the challenges uber faces.
a look at uber's second-quarter earnings report shows how difficult it is to assess the company's performance. revenue in the quarter was up 14%, but adjusted net revenue, which is revenue minus excess driver incentives and referrals, increased only 12%. on the other hand, adjusted net revenue in constant currency and excluding a $298 million driver appreciation award in connection with the ipo was up 26%, and gross bookings increased 31%. which figure provides the best picture of the business's growth at this point? it's hard to say, especially when uber has made just two reports as a public company.
uber also includes company-specific metrics like monthly active platform consumers, what most companies would just call "monthly users," and trips, which helps show how much its services like ridesharing, eats, and micromobility are being used.
uber investors will also want to keep track of the take rate, or the percentage of adjusted net revenue divided by gross bookings, a metric that shows how much of its bookings uber keeps before subtracting its own costs. the company also highlights core platform contribution profit and margin, which is core platform revenue minus direct costs. core platform contribution margin divides that number by adjusted net revenue to get a percentage.
outside of its core platform, uber also reports other bets, which included new and emerging businesses, primarily uber freight and new mobility, which includes bikes and scooters.
on the bottom line, it gets even more complicated. uber highlights its adjusted ebitda loss, which reached $656 million in the most recent quarter, but its net loss in the period came in at $5.24 billion due in part to $3.9 billion in stock-based compensation expense associated with the ipo. operating loss in the period was actually worse at $5.49 billion, as it excludes an amount of $398 million in other income having to do with a gain on the extinguishment of convertible debt.
sometimes, complicated financial reporting is the result of a complicated business. alphabet, for instance, added its own other bets category at the same time it changed its name from google to alphabet to reflect the fact that the company was branching into businesses outside of its core search operations like smart home, autonomous vehicles, and telecommunications. amazon similarly added a separate reporting segment for amazon web services, its cloud computing juggernaut, to show that aws now represents a significant portion of its business. companies often become more complex as they age, and uber, despite its relative youth, has quickly added layers of complexity, acquiring minority stakes in international ridesharing companies like didi, yandex, and grab, and adding complementary businesses like eats, freight, and micromobility. however, some of the complexity simply looks like a way to distract from the weaknesses of the business. the phrase "excess driver incentives" gives the impression this is something of a bonus given to drivers, but the reality is, these are payments to the driver beyond what the customer pays. in the case of uber eats, excess driver incentives distort the underlying performance as the restaurant pays part of the driver's earnings. in the second quarter, for example, excess driver incentives meant that uber eats reported net revenue of $337 million, or 43% lower than its reported revenue of $595 million. in other words, uber eats' adjusted revenue growth, which seems to be a better representation of the food delivery business, grew only 53% instead of the 72% reported without adjustments.
uber's lack of clarity in its financial reporting isn't surprising for a company that has grown as aggressively as it has as well as one that has seen the high-profile ousting of its founder. the sprawling financial reporting is also befitting for a company that doesn't seem to be able to explain its own mission statement.
while there may be a fair explanation for some of uber's confusing reporting, the overall picture bears resemblance to one company whose complexity and opaque financial reporting helped drive its recent collapse: general electric (nyse: ge).
ge's long demise has been well documented. the stock, which was the most valuable in the country only about 20 years ago, has lost 69% of its value over the last three years, it's on its third ceo in as many years, and it has been kicked out of the dow industrials. bloated with debt, the company has been forced to sell several of its businesses, including its biopharma unit, which brought in $21.7 billion, and it recently gave up majority control of baker hughes, the oil services company. ge made a number of mistakes along the way, including taking on too much debt, entering disparate industries like healthcare, aviation, and energy, and banking through ge capital, which nearly brought it to ruin during the financial crisis. but a sore point for ge investors for a long time has been the company's abstruse financial reports and accounting tricks to embellish results, which include a number of adjustments for things like restructuring, revaluations, and insurance reserves, so much that the connection between earnings under generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) and adjusted earnings often seems tenuous at best. the company also separates its industrial segment results from the rest of the business.
massaging earnings this way has also led ge to chase wall street estimates rather than managing its own business for long-term success. the result has been a disaster both for the company and investors as many of the problems it tried so hard to mask have been revealed in recent years, and its lack of transparency has left it exposed to attacks from short-sellers like harry markopolos, who savaged the company last week.
it may be a stretch at this point to draw parallels between uber and ge. one is a century-old industrial conglomerate and the other a transportation start-up entering its next phase, but ge's recent unraveling clearly paints a cautionary tale for companies that become overly reliant on far-flung metrics and overly complex financial reporting. in addition to its confusing metrics, uber, like ge, may also be too comfortable taking on debt as the company shows no signs of profitability, but it just issued a $1.2 billion loan offering to fund its acquisition of careem, a middle eastern ridesharing service, just months after its ipo. for now, uber is flush with cash following its ipo, but the company is already on track to pay $600 million in interest this year, which will make turning a profit even more difficult, and with billions of dollars in annual losses, its current cash pile could disappear quickly.
the transparency in uber's reporting will be tested over the coming quarters as well as the business itself, but investors should demand numbers that accurately reflect the underlying performance of the business, not the results as management wishes they were.
10 stocks we like better than uber technologieswhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and uber technologies wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. suzanne frey, an executive at alphabet, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. jeremy bowman owns shares of amazon. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends alphabet (a and c shares) and amazon. the motley fool recommends uber technologies. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
jack ma phasing out of the alibaba (nyse:) lineup wasn't a shocking revelation that took wall street by surprise. the initial announcement certainly made headlines last year, causing some concern about what it might mean for the future of alibaba stock.
 but largely, investors have embraced the fact that ma would slowly exit the company he started twenty years ago, growing it from a tiny unknown entity to a global powerhouse worth more than $450 billion.
last week ma stepped down from the executive chairman role. the move was announced roughly a year ago, so investors have had time to grow acclimated with it. in short, baba stock is not a sell simply because ma is stepping down.
while we would love to have him along for the ride as executive chairman, he is stepping aside with the company in good hands. let's see what else alibaba group has going for it.
alibaba didn't just build an e-commerce platform benefiting from a rise in online sales. granted, it does have a very strong online presence, but it's more than that. e-commerce is a secular trend as more retail sales continue to shift online. the fact that the chinese middle class continues to boom is a huge tailwind for a company like alibaba.
as this shift continues, alibaba benefits, as does its taobao unit (an online shopping platform). all one needs to see is alibaba's singles day sales total to know of its dominance. it sales of more $30.8 billion in last november's event, crushing the previous year's record of $25.3 billion. where do you think amazon (nasdaq:) got the idea for prime day?
then there's ant financial, which has become china's largest fintech platform, that was started five years ago next month. alibaba's ant financial has an estimated value of $150 billion.
finally, alibaba's cloud business is now 10 years old, but the company is still very optimistic on its future. the unit is its fastest-growing revenue segment and second-largest revenue source at the moment. this should come as little surprise, given the emphasis mega-cap tech stocks have put on the cloud here in the u.s.
here's the thing with alibaba stock: baba stock has been weighed down thanks to the recent trade war developments. this has kept a lid on the stock, allowing the valuation to fall while the company .
estimates call for 32% revenue growth to $72.2 billion this year and another 29% growth next year to $93 billion. it won't be long before alibaba stock is churning out $100+ billion in annual sales.
on the earnings front, analysts expect 23.3% growth this year to $6.88 per share. next year, estimates call for an acceleration to 26% earnings growth, to $8.67 per share.
currently alibaba stock trades at just under 26 times this year's earnings. some may scoff and say that's too much. but compared to its u.s. counterparts, it looks cheap.
baba stock valuation is about in-line with with alphabet (nasdaq:, nasdaq:goog) and microsoft (nasdaq:). however, it has roughly double the expected earnings growth this year and next year, nearly double the expected revenue growth of googl and nearly triple the forecasted revenue growth of msft.
against amazon, alibaba stock is much cheaper, yet has better growth as well. take that for what it's worth.
finally, the charts are setting up favorably for alibaba stock.
after hitting a low of $151.85 in early august, shares have been chugging higher since. a series of higher lows has led to an uptrend support mark (blue line), while baba has pushed through all of its major moving averages.
now bumping up against $180 resistance, alibaba stock has a very clear ascending triangle setup. that is, when rising support continues to push a stock price into a static level of resistance.
traders will be looking for a breakout over $180 and a possible run to $190+ should the breakout stick. if support fails, i want to see support between $168 and $171 hold strong. that's where baba stock will find its 50-day and 200-day moving averages, as well as the 38.2% retracement.
remember, while the setup looks promising, alibaba stock is extra susceptible to a trade-related headline dealing a hearty blow to the charts.
bret kenwell is the manager and author of and is on twitter @bretkenwell. as of this writing, bret kenwell is long amzn and googl.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
hulu is proving that all it takes is one breakout hit to really make it. the subscription streaming service was launched to the forefront by the handmaid's tale, the first streaming show to win an emmy for best drama, and it has since gone on to define the kind of quality shows that are possible.
hulu also has a number of other top programs that are drawing in subscribers, including castle rock, the act, shrill, and ramy. but the handmaid's tale, with its dystopian future, remains the channel's biggest draw. so much so that hulu succeeded in surpassing amazon.com (nasdaq: amzn) as the third most popular channel on the roku (nasdaq: roku) streaming platform.
as the leading streaming-device maker, whose own roku channel is also the biggest free movie-streaming channel on the platform, the tech company is quickly becoming a premiere destination. because of the broad distribution of its devices -- whether it's a dongle that hangs off the tv, one of its branded television sets, or now a sound bar with the roku platform built in -- a channel appearing on roku is getting in front of tens of millions of eyeballs. that's important because the number of people using roku is also attracting advertisers, creating a virtuous ecosystem that allows all to flourish. hulu being in the top three is a major achievement, particularly as it comes from displacing amazon, which has spent billions acquiring its own portfolio of original content, though the payoff has been hit-or-miss.
netflix (nasdaq: nflx) remains the most popular channel on roku, as it has been for years. even back in 2014, in one of roku's earliest published rankings, the streaming service was the top destination for viewers. that's unchanged today, and netflix is followed by alphabet's youtube, hulu, amazon, spectrum tv, and sling tv, rounding out the top six.
while quality programming has benefited hulu's rise so far, it may be parent disney (nyse: dis) launching its own streaming service in november that pushes it to its next stage of growth.
disney+ is being bundled with espn+ and hulu for less than $13 a month, cheaper than netflix but offering subscribers a lot more. not only does a subscriber get the entire disney movie and tv catalog, but marvel and star wars come with it, too. now, the top sports channel and a leading movie channel will be part of it.
by some measures, hulu's programming is the best around, even better than netflix. business insider recently noted that streaming search engine reelgood analyzed five platforms and ranked the relative quality of their programs. while such lists are undoubtedly subjective, despite hulu having smaller content libraries than either netflix or amazon prime, it was able to top both in quality along with beating hbo and showtime, too. no doubt disney itself will quickly climb the ranks of the most-watched channels on roku. it's going to be a tough service to beat, arguably more so than the many other streaming services that are about to launch. but that will also bring in more potential hulu subscribers as well, and that ought to help it place higher on the list, too.
netflix is still a quality service and one that will be difficult to surpass, but with disney pulling even more programming from netflix next year, it might not be long before netflix begins falling down the roku list, and perhaps one day hulu will even surpass it.
find out why walt disney is one of the 10 best stocks to buy now
motley fool co-founders tom and david gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
tom and david just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. walt disney is on the list -- but there are nine others you may be overlooking.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. suzanne frey, an executive at alphabet, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. rich duprey has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends alphabet (a shares), alphabet (c shares), amazon, netflix, roku, and walt disney. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $60 calls on walt disney and short october 2019 $125 calls on walt disney. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
apple (nasdaq: aapl) confirmed pricing and availability for apple tv+ and apple arcade last week. both services will cost $5 per month and can be shared within a family, but that's about where the strategic similarities end. apple arcade launches this thursday, while apple tv+ debuts on nov. 1. the company is taking very different approaches with the services, in part because each one is entering dramatically different markets.
apple has reportedly boosted its original content budget for apple tv+ to a whopping $6 billion, significantly more than the $500 million that the tech giant is investing in its mobile gaming service. yet the mac maker is giving away a free year of apple tv+ to customers that buy hardware, while apple arcade has no such promotion. for those not in the market for a new apple device, apple tv+ will have a seven-day free trial, much shorter than apple arcade's one-month free trial.
in other words, apple is willing to forego recouping its much larger investment in apple tv+ content but wants apple arcade subscribers to open their wallets sooner. the disparity all traces back to the company's relative strength in those respective markets.
apple knows it's coming from behind in video streaming, and the service's value proposition won't stack up favorably next to competing services. the streaming wars are only going to get more intensely competitive over the next year. that's why the tech titan needs to get aggressive with pricing, undercutting many rivals but also offering a far smaller catalog of tv shows and movies.
in contrast, apple is a dominant player in mobile gaming, which accounts for an estimated 74% of mobile consumer spending. consumer spending on mobile gaming is now 20% larger than all other gaming formats combined, and ios monetizes at much stronger levels than android. however, many of the business practices in mobile gaming have devolved to what many critics consider to be predatory, particularly as they relate to children.
the mobile gaming industry is now dominated by freemium titles that monetize with in-app purchases and microtransactions, all while displaying an excessive number of ads for other games that monetize with in-app purchases and microtransactions. it's an endless cycle. apple has faced numerous lawsuits from upset parents over enabling such practices, while simultaneously grappling with accusations that its devices are too addictive.
apple arcade hopes to address those pitfalls. none of the included titles will have ads or in-app purchases, and apple arcade has the potential to improve the underlying economics of mobile games while securing exclusive high-quality titles in order to build its services business. unlike apple tv+'s relatively sparse catalog, apple arcade will launch with over 100 titles.
in mobile gaming, apple is coming from a position of strength while offering a compelling value proposition, so it doesn't need to be nearly as aggressive.
10 stocks we like better than apple
when investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and apple wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
*stock advisor returns as of june 1, 2019
evan niu, cfa owns shares of apple. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends apple. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $155 calls on apple and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
it can be difficult to gauge the value of technology stocks. their multiples are sometimes completely out of the norm, and nowhere near what investors pay for stocks in other industries. the high growth rates that many tech stocks achieve allow them to be treated differently than other, more conventional, stocks. however, finding a tech stock that may be able to achieve considerable growth and prove to be a good long-term buy requires investors to look a little deeper on a company's income statement.
one metric, arguably the most important one when it comes to the tech sector, is a company's research and development (r&d) expenditure. if there's one thing that tech companies spend a lot on, it's r&d:
amzn research and development expense (ttm) data by ycharts.
it should come as no surprise that tech giant amazon.com (nasdaq: amzn) has spent more than its peers on r&d over the years. always the innovator, amazon has been constantly looking for ways to grow and expand its business, and that's what's helped it become such a highly coveted stock. after all, were it not for r&d, it's hard to imagine how the company would come up with new innovations to build up its business.
another good example of the importance of r&d is shopify (nyse: shop). although its r&d spending level is nowhere near amazon's, it has been ramping up the amount it has been devoting to that area in recent years:
data by ycharts.
amid all that innovation, shopify's share price has also been going through the roof, at a pace well ahead of other big tech stocks:
data by ycharts.
while it's not a one-to-one relationship, it does appear that the r&d spending has had a positive impact for shopify and other companies. augmented reality is one example of what shopify has been looking to innovate and add value with, as it has created a much more sophisticated shopping experience for customers. the company's making a big move into fulfillment as well, looking to take on amazon.
anyone can throw money at a problem, but what sets a company apart is what it's able to produce. circling back to amazon, the company has made a lot of innovative products that have helped its business grow over the years. the amazon alexa voice assistant is perhaps one of the best examples of that, with more than 100 million echo devices sold. investors should be able to see at least some of the results of all that r&d spending to better gauge if it's been worth the money spent, rather than just thrown away for the sake of innovation. that doesn't mean there won't be failures along the way -- amazon has no shortage of them. it's part of the innovation process. but what matters is that there are some good, quality products that are produced in the end.
one of the most important metrics for tech investors to consider is r&d, and how effectively those funds are being spent. together, these numbers can be a good indicator of the company's commitment and seriousness when it comes to innovation.
in an era where some companies are relying more on subscriptions and on keeping the status quo, what sets other companies like amazon apart is the willingness to find efficiencies and uncover technologies to improve the status quo. those are the types companies that will have the most growth potential, and one way to uncover them is by looking at their r&d expenditures.
10 stocks we like better than amazonwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and amazon wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. suzanne frey, an executive at alphabet, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. randi zuckerberg, a former director of market development and spokeswoman for facebook and sister to its ceo, mark zuckerberg, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. david jagielski has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends alphabet (a and c shares), amazon, apple, facebook, and shopify. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
longevity. it's what every investor should want when buying a stock. why even consider investing in shares of a company that isn't solid enough to hold for the long term?
there are many stocks that don't deserve to be in your portfolio because their business models are too shaky. however, i think there are some stocks that have longevity written all over them. here's why alphabet (nasdaq: goog) (nasdaq: googl), disney (nyse: dis), and vertex pharmaceuticals (nasdaq: vrtx) are three top stocks that you can buy and hold throughout the next decade and beyond.
alphabet is a technology juggernaut. its properties, especially google search and youtube, continue to generate strong revenue growth as advertisers flock to reach the huge audience they draw. alphabet doesn't depend solely on advertising revenue, though. its google cloud, google play, and google hardware businesses are also delivering nice sales growth.
the company's success has enabled it to build up a cash stockpile of $121 billion. alphabet's free cash flow over the last 12 months topped $20 billion. it has so much money that the company recently announced a massive share buyback of $25 billion -- more than enough to buy any company in the bottom half of the s&p 500 index.
in addition to buying back shares, alphabet continues to invest in areas that could change the future. the company's waymo self-driving car technology subsidiary is a great example. alphabet could also shake up the healthcare world with its verily unit developing products including miniature continuous glucose monitoring systems and molecular maps of inflammatory diseases and its calico subsidiary working to extend the human life span. i don't think any company will be able to stop alphabet's momentum over the next decade. but could antitrust regulators hurt alphabet? it's possible that the company could be split up, but i suspect the odds are against anything so drastic. even if it does happen, though, my take is that the sum of alphabet's parts could be worth more than the company is today. either way, this juggernaut is a keeper.
there's no question that disney commands an entertainment empire. the company's tv networks, including abc, disney channel, and espn, reach hundreds of millions of viewers. seven of the top 10 largest-grossing movies of all time were made by studios owned by disney. and, of course, disney's theme parks attract millions of visitors every year.
disney's acquisition of 21st century fox gives the company an even greater content portfolio. although this megadeal negatively impacted disney's earnings in its latest quarter, it also enabled the company to deliver impressive year-over-year revenue growth of 33%.
the vast array of movies and tv shows owned by disney should be a major draw for the company's disney+ streaming service that launches in november. disney's decision to price disney+ as low as $6.99 per month and its plans to introduce bundled offerings that include disney+, espn+, and an ad-supported version of hulu for $12.99 per month could vault the company into the lead position in the streaming market.
sure, the company faces challenges. its tv networks continue to experience the effects of cord-cutting. an economic recession could cause some customers to cut back on vacation spending, hurting its theme parks businesses. but the long run continues to look very bright for disney, in my view.
vertex pharmaceuticals might seem like a surprising choice to include in a list of stocks to buy and hold for the next decade. investing in biotech stocks can be quite risky, with the potential for clinical failures, regulatory setbacks, and new competitors. but i think vertex looks like a biotech stock you can hang onto for the long term.
the company currently dominates the cystic fibrosis (cf) market with its three approved drugs kalydeco, orkambi, and symdeko. those drugs allow vertex to treat around 39,000 patients, with potential label expansions bumping that number up to 44,000 patients.
however, vertex awaits u.s. food and drug administration (fda) approval in march 2020 for a triple-drug combination of vx-445 (elexacaftor), tezacaftor, and ivacaftor. this combo should expand the addressable cf patient population by nearly 55% to 68,000. that leaves only 10% of cf patients without a treatment -- but vertex is working on gene-editing therapies with its partner crispr therapeutics to help those patients, too.
no other company is even close at this point to challenging vertex's virtual monopoly in cf. vertex is also hoping to move into treating other diseases, with experimental drugs in development targeting rare genetic diseases such as alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency (aatd), beta-thalassemia, duchenne muscular dystrophy, and sickle cell disease, as well as a not-so-rare problem -- alleviating acute pain. success in just one of these areas could turbocharge vertex's growth over the next decade even more. 10 stocks we like better than alphabet (a shares)when investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and alphabet (a shares) wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 suzanne frey, an executive at alphabet, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. keith speights owns shares of alphabet (a shares), vertex pharmaceuticals, and walt disney. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends alphabet (a shares), alphabet (c shares), and walt disney. the motley fool owns shares of crispr therapeutics and has the following options: long january 2021 $60 calls on walt disney and short october 2019 $125 calls on walt disney. the motley fool recommends vertex pharmaceuticals. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
this article was first published by mywallst. which 2 pot stocks will beat the market? find out in mywallst's free guide!
over more than a year, u.s. president donald trump and chinese president xi jinping have been applying tariffs back and forth, starting with trump's duties on solar panels and washing machines in january 2018. since then, the tariffs have ramped up significantly. in august, trump ordered u.s. companies to "immediately start looking for an alternative to china" after xi threatened to impose duties on $75 billion worth of u.s. goods.
these taxes have the most significant impact on industries that deal directly with the other country. one of the industries impacted the most by the trade war is the technology industry. chipmakers such as nvidia (nasdaq: nvda), micron technology (nasdaq: mu), and intel (nasdaq: intc) are particularly vulnerable to the trade war tensions as they have high exposure in china. chinese revenue makes up 24%, 57%, and 27% of their total revenue, respectively.
trump's ban on u.s. companies selling equipment to huawei is another move that could have disastrous consequences for both countries. semiconductor manufacturer broadcom (nasdaq: avgo) sold $900 million worth of chips to huawei in 2018, with 49% of its total revenue coming from china. huawei expects revenue to fall by $10 billion due to this ban from the u.s. although the ban has recently been delayed, huawei is prepared to work for the foreseeable future under these kinds of restrictions, reducing its dependence on u.s. products.
the auto industry is likely to suffer from the introduction of tariffs from china. in 2018, china raised the tax on u.s. automobiles from 15% to 40%. although chinese consumers usually buy locally manufactured cars, one u.s. company that could suffer greatly from these tariffs is tesla (nasdaq: tsla). the electric-car maker, which currently manufactures its automobiles in the u.s., has begun building its gigafactory in shanghai. the plan is for the new facility to manufacture roughly 10,000 model 3s every week for the local chinese market, and it is scheduled to open in late 2019. although the levies have been brought back down to 15% as a gesture of goodwill, further tension between the u.s. and china could lead to significant financial trouble for tesla as it expands further into china.
another industry heavily affected by these charges is the agricultural industry. china is currently the fourth-largest agricultural export market for the u.s., with $9.3 billion worth of agricultural products being exported to china in 2018. among cotton, hide, pork, and coarse grains, one of the largest chinese imports are u.s. soybeans. in 2018, the country purchased $3.1 billion worth of soybeans from the u.s. that same year, chinese officials placed a 25% toll on the product.
these tariffs have had a bad impact on farmers, with agricultural exports down 61% from 2014. this has led to an increase in farm bankruptcies and has had a knock-on effect on companies such as deere (nyse: de) and caterpillar (nyse: cat), which manufacture equipment used by farmers. in august, deere cut its full-year earnings forecasts for a second time in four months, saying that uncertainty in the sector has affected its results. deere's net sales for the three months to july 28 fell 3.8% from the same time last year, with net income also declining from $910 million to $899 million.
in an attempt to work around these restrictions, huawei has been limiting its reliance on u.s. technology. in august, huawei unveiled its own phone, computer, and smart device operating system, with the goal of competing with the android os. huawei also recently announced ascend 901, a new artificial intelligence chipset, to compete with nvidia's gpu (graphics processing unit) and alphabet's (nasdaq: goog) (nasdaq: googl) tpu (tensor processing unit).
u.s. companies, on the other hand, have begun moving operations out of china. apple (nasdaq: aapl) has announced that it would move some of its manufacturing facilities from china to india. californian solar technology company enphase (nasdaq: enph) announced it would produce some of its products in mexico to avoid these tariffs.
this is not the first time companies have looked outside of china for manufacturing. since 2013, the minimum wage in shanghai has risen roughly 53%. over the course of this time, companies such as nintendo, sharp, and kyocera have moved production to vietnam, whose exports grew 64% over the past three years. india, malaysia, thailand, taiwan, and mexico have also seen an increase in their exports to the u.s., with mexico passing china to become the u.s.'s largest trading partner.
although the trade war is still in full swing, on sept. 4, 2019, the u.s. and china agreed to resume trade negotiations. the two countries agreed to talk in washington this october in a bid to relax the growing tension. the dow jones industrial average rose 1.2% following this announcement.
one of these pot stocks is already +100% this year. what are you waiting for?
mywallst operates a full disclosure policy. mywallst staff currently hold long positions in alphabet, apple and nvidia. read our full disclosure policy here.
10 stocks we like better than teslawhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and tesla wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 suzanne frey, an executive at alphabet, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends alphabet (a and c shares), apple, nvidia, and tesla. the motley fool owns shares of intel and has the following options: short september 2019 $50 calls on intel, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool recommends broadcom ltd and nintendo. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
among the underlying components of the russell 3000 index, we saw noteworthy options trading volume today in netflix inc (symbol: nflx), where a total of 196,394 contracts have traded so far, representing approximately 19.6 million underlying shares. that amounts to about 314.2% of nflx's average daily trading volume over the past month of 6.3 million shares. especially high volume was seen for the $295 strike call option expiring september 13, 2019, with 13,843 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 1.4 million underlying shares of nflx. below is a chart showing nflx's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $295 strike highlighted in orange:
tesla inc (symbol: tsla) options are showing a volume of 137,981 contracts thus far today. that number of contracts represents approximately 13.8 million underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 221.2% of tsla's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 6.2 million shares.
particularly high volume was seen for the $245 strike put option expiring september 13, 2019, with 13,337 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 1.3 million underlying shares of tsla. below is a chart showing tsla's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $245 strike highlighted in orange:
and alphabet inc (symbol: goog) options are showing a volume of 20,702 contracts thus far today. that number of contracts represents approximately 2.1 million underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 171.4% of goog's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 1.2 million shares.
particularly high volume was seen for the $1235 strike call option expiring september 13, 2019, with 1,397 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 139,700 underlying shares of goog. below is a chart showing goog's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $1235 strike highlighted in orange:
for the various different available expirations for nflx options, tsla options, or goog options, visit stockoptionschannel.com.
today's most active call & put options of the s&p 500 "
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
apple (nasdaq:) is still arguably the best company on the planet. they have accomplished amazing things in spite of a lot of criticism of tim cook's leadership. i personally don't believe that he's the best person for the job, but that doesn't stop me from betting bullish on the apple stock every chance i get.
 in early june, i wrote about an opportunity to go long aapl and it delivered a 20% rally and $30 per share upside. and more recently i was lucky to profit from smaller rallies. so check emotions at the door and let charts and fundamentals be the guides for the aapl stock.
the outcome of this week's market action is binary because of today's fed decision on rates. this also will also temporarily affect the aapl but eventually the fundamentals will retake the reins. the fed won't change aapl's 2019 thesis.
fundamentally, it is easy to argue for owning aapl stock. wall street systemically undervalues it. aapl sells at 19 trailing p/e ratio which is about four times smaller than amazon (nasdaq:) and 40% cheaper than facebook (nasdaq:).
however, this alone is not reason to expect higher prices because short of a miracle, investors will continue to undervalue the apple stock. but technically there is reason to expect much higher prices soon. it is on a path to reaching $245 per share. this would be a natural extension from its rally that started last christmas.
off last year's correction, aapl stock rallied 50%. then it gave back almost half it in the april correction -- but this is normal price action. bullish waves usually unfold in three pushes. first, the aapl buyers took it until they hit resistance at $213 per share. then, they corrected a bit and bounced off of the point of control of $172 per share. the third push, which is ongoing now should extend above $240 per share. there will be resistance at its last failing point at $226 per share.
this is all to say that if i am long apple stock, i stay long for at least another $15 upside opportunity from here. long term, if the stock market is higher in the future than so is apple. this is a money-making machine that will take more than an underwhelming ceo to break it.
the apple stock rally still has legs for many years to come. they are becoming less dependent on one product; the iphone is no longer the only headline that investors focus on. the services portion of the apple revenues is now gaining momentum. these are recurring revenues that make the company p&l less dependent on a single item release and updates. yes, the iphone is still important but much less so than a year ago. apple is finally adapting to the new way of doing business via subscription models rather than hardware pushes.
short term, there is a gap above in aapl to $223 per share from the silly goldman sachs headline from last week. but conversely, if aapl stock loses $217 per share, it could fall to fill the gap at $208 per share. the good news is that even if this happens, there is plenty of support there to keep it above $200 a share.
today's fed announcement might cause volatility, but my personal overall market thesis is that we will make new all-time highs soon. i expect fireworks this week, but if we dip there will be buyers to pick the pieces up and run higher. i still believe that there are too many bears who are too comfortable being short when markets are at all-time highs and when the global central banks are dedicated to inflating the economies.
they say do not fight the fed and do not fight the tape. so i don't see the reason to short stocks when both of these are true. so when we make new highs it will be a big bang where we will move a hundred points in the s&p 500 quickly. because when the last stops trigger, buying will beget buying and i want to be long apple stock into that event.
nicolas chahine is the managing director of . as of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. join his live chat room for free here.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
by benjamin rains
apple aapl is once again a $1 trillion company, joining microsoft msft, with shares up 8% in the past month. the tech giant's shares have also jumped over 5% this week as wall street seems pleased with apple's latest round of iphones and its streaming tv plans.
apple unveiled its newest iphones at its now customary pre-holiday shopping season event on tuesday, led by ceo tim cook and other top executives. the firm showed off three new iphones, under the new 11 branding.
the smartphones feature apple's somewhat standard updates, which include better battery life and faster processors. what separates the two new higher-priced smartphones (iphone 11 pro & 11 pro max: starting at $999) from their less expensive peer (iphone 11: starting at $699), is a triple-camera system. apple also dropped the price of last year's iphone xr by 20% ($599), with the iphone 8 starting at $449.
consumers might be more prone to buy the higher-end iphone 11s because the price points roughly match last year's new high-end models--after years of rising prices. perhaps more importantly, the new iphone 11 base model is actually $50 cheaper than last year's comparable offering. clearly, apple wants to give consumers every reason possible to upgrade to new phones after a year of poor iphone sales, especially since there is nothing earth-shattering about the new phones.
apple tv+ & services wall street, investors, and apple fans have waited for more details on apple's foray into the streaming tv world for months. they now have all they can hope for until they get to use the streaming service for the first time on november 1--disney+ debuts on nov. 12. anyone who buys a new iphone, ipad, mac, or other qualifying devices will get a year worth of apple tv+ for free. the service will otherwise cost $4.99 per month, after a seven-day free trial and be available on the apple tv app.
apple's streaming tv offering is clearly priced to move, as it comes in well below hbo go's t $14.99 per month, netflix's nflx $15.99 premium plan, amazon amzn prime's $12.99--which comes with shipping perks--and disney+ at $6.99. aside from trying not to force users into a decision between apple+ or netflix, the price-point represents how little content will be available at launch.
apple tv+ will feature roughly 10 shows at launch, including a fictional space race-era show called for all mankind, a show starring jennifer aniston, reese witherspoon, and steve carell titled the morning show, and post-apocalyptic drama see. apple will then slowly build up its library of shows, which is set to feature more a-list hollywood stars both in front of and behind the camera. the iphone maker is also likely viewing apple tv+ as a kind of loss-leader for now, since it reportedly spent roughly $15 million an episode to make see.
apple is making a long-term play to convert more of its roughly 1 billion hardware users into services customers. this business, which includes its app store, spotify spot challenger apple music, a monthly magazine-heavy news service, and an apple credit card, will also soon feature apple arcade. the company's big push into the video game world will feature access to roughly 100 titles for $4.99 per month and launch on september 19. apple hopes to grab a piece of the $68.5 billion global mobile game market.
the ongoing u.s. and china trade war spooked some apple investors early, but cook has been in constant contact with president trump and its biggest products have remained untouched. plus, the last few days have seen both china and the u.s. slightly change their tunes as the two sides prepare to meet once again in a few weeks.
apple's iphone sales did slip in each of the last three quarters, as did the firm's greater china revenue. the company has found it harder to sell its higher-priced smartphones in a market with so many less expensive options available.
meanwhile, iphone sales slipped on the back of hard to compare periods, which means a 2020 turn around could be in store. in fact, apple's sales popped 1% last quarter (q3 fiscal 2019) after revenue slipped 5.1% in q2 and 4.5% in q1. q4 outlook & beyond looking ahead, apple's fourth-quarter 2019 revenue is projected to slip 0.56% from the year-ago period to $62.55 billion, based on our zacks consensus estimates. this, however, comes against q4 2018's 20% top-line expansion. overall, aapl's full-year fiscal 2019 revenue is projected to dip 2.7% to reach $258.28 billion.
apple's first quarter 2020 revenue, which includes the key holiday shopping period, is expected to jump 1.5% to $85.54 billion. peeking further ahead, aapl's fiscal 2020 revenue is projected to climb 3.8% above our 2019 estimate to touch $268.01 billion and top 2018's figure.
at the bottom end of the income statement, apple is expected to see its q4 earnings sink 2.75%, with full-year 2019's eps figure set to fall 1.85%. then, apple's q1 2020 earnings are projected to surge 6.2% over the prior-year quarter, with full-year 2020 expected to come in 11.5% above our 2019 estimates.
along with apple's strong 2020 growth outlook, the firm has seen its earnings estimate revision picture trend heavily upward recently, especially for q4 and fiscal 2019. aapl is a zacks rank #3 (hold) at the moment that sports an "a" grade for momentum in our style scores system.
we can see that apple has traded at a higher forward price/sales ratio over the last year (4.2 vs. current 3.8). more importantly, apple is the only of the so-called faang stocks that pays a dividend. the company's current annualized dividend is $3.08 per share, for a 1.38% yield. this compares relatively favorably to the 10-year u.s. treasury note's 1.7%.
apple also has over $200 billion in cash on hand, which means it is likely to continue its massive buyback program. therefore, investors should consider aapl stock as a safe-haven investment, amid our current market uncertainty, with the added potential for big gains.
breakout biotech stocks with triple-digit profit potential
the biotech sector is projected to surge beyond $775 billion by 2024 as scientists develop treatments for thousands of diseases. they're also finding ways to edit the human genome to literally erase our vulnerability to these diseases.
zacks has just released century of biology: 7 biotech stocks to buy right now to help investors profit from 7 stocks poised for outperformance. our recent biotech recommendations have produced gains of +98%, +119% and +164% in as little as 1 month. the stocks in this report could perform even better.see these 7 breakthrough stocks now>>
want the latest recommendations from zacks investment research? today, you can download 7 best stocks for the next 30 days. click to get this free report
 amazon.com, inc. (amzn): free stock analysis report
 netflix, inc. (nflx): free stock analysis report
 at&t inc. (t): free stock analysis report
 apple inc. (aapl): free stock analysis report
 microsoft corporation (msft): free stock analysis report
 spotify technology sa (spot): free stock analysis report
 to read this article on zacks.com click here.
 zacks investment research
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
when microsoft (nasdaq:) reported fourth-quarter and full-year earnings in july, the company impressed analysts and investors, blowing past estimates for both earnings and revenue. the next earnings report for the trillion-dollar company is due in five weeks. and after closing at $136.33 yesterday, msft stock sits almost exactly where it did the day after those q4 earnings. that's off from the final week of july and a few days in september, when microsoft stock topped the $140 level -- but up 34% from the start of the year.
 with msft expected to report q1 earnings on october 24, and project xcloud expected to make its debut in october, is now the time to consider an investment in the high-flying tech company?
in july, microsoft delivered strong q4 results and a record fiscal 2019. revenue of $33.7 billion handily beat analyst expectations. earnings per share of $1.71 also topped expectations and blew past the $1.14 the company delivered in q4 2018. with cloud computing becoming an increasingly important part of msft's game plan, azure revenue was up 64% in the quarter. the company is expected to report q1 2020 earnings on october 24, and compared to the $1.10 microsoft delivered a year ago. there's a good chance msft stock rises ahead of earnings in anticipation of big numbers.
cloud gaming services have the potential to be one of the more interesting developments of 2019. the big one that everyone has been waiting for is stadia, from alphabet's (nasdaq:, nasdaq:googl) google. billed as "," google stadia leverages cloud computing hardware to let subscribers play high resolution, aaa pc video games in a browser on very modest hardware. even a smartphone or a tablet.
google may have been stealing the headlines for the past several years -- and causing some consternation among msft investors over the possibility that stadia might disrupt xbox console gaming, but microsoft has hardly been sitting still.
microsoft has 17 years of game console experience and that surging azure cloud computing division. naturally, the two are being mashed together. microsoft's project xcloud was officially announced last october, with msft . microsoft sees project xcloud as opening up xbox-class gaming to consumers who may not otherwise have access to consoles, leveraging 54 global azure cloud centers to deliver console-quality gaming to mobile devices. at the 2019 ex game conference, microsoft announced that project xcloud will be launching as a public beta sometime in october. pricing, regional availability and launch titles were not announced, but the timing finally sets up msft for a showdown against google stadia -- which launches in november .
project xcloud has the potential to help take the edge off the rapid decline in xbox revenue (consoles aren't selling as gamers wait for the next generation), while bolstering the number of players in the xbox camp. if it's a success, it will help to mitigate the threat from google stadia. and by adding subscription revenue, it would also help to even out revenue fluctuations (a model that msft has ). there is also some risk involved here, though. if project xcloud stumbles, the black eye would come at a bad time for microsoft, especially with its next generation xbox console launching in 2020.
if you ask the professionals, it's a no-brainer: buy msft stock. , 27 of them have msft rated as a "buy" with $155.38 as the average 12-month price target for microsoft stock. that offers a nice bit of upside for investors, with the possibility that project xcloud could factor into the equation and provide a much-needed gaming boost going into the holiday quarter. as of this writing, brad moon did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
it sounds and seems impossible, but we're within sight of the end of 2019, and the beginning of 2020. the new year is only fifteen weeks away, which isn't too soon to start thinking about restructuring stock portfolios.
the economy is still in reasonably good shape, which bodes well for stocks. it would be naive to believe the coming year, however, is going to look like a year that's about to wind down. as market conditions change and the economic growth cycle matures, different areas thrive, while others struggle.
with that as the backdrop, here's a rundown of ten stocks to watch as 2019 comes to a close and 2020 gears up. now may not be the ideal time to step into them, but now's when they should be added to watchlists for due diligence purposes. notice that not all of them are high-profile names, but they're each positioned nicely for growth ... more so than most of their peers.
source: achinthamb / shutterstock.com
it's not a name that needs much in the way of an introduction. alphabet (nasdaq:, nasdaq:googl) is, of course, the parent to search engine giant google, though the company is so much more than a search engine. email, cloud-based platforms galore and the world's most popular mobile device operating system all funnel people into the google ecosystem.
yes, that sheer size has become something of a liability. the world is distrustful of one company knowing so much about each and every person who connects to the web to use a google-provided service. even without a clear end-goal, seem to be on a mission to declaw the company's reach.
it just doesn't matter. even a better-contained google will still , each of which ultimately represents revenue.
source: jonathan weiss / shutterstock.com
it's a misnomer to say amazon (nasdaq:) has put every single small brick-and-mortar retailer on its heels. ulta beauty (nasdaq:), which sells skincare and hair care products as well as perfume and cosmetics via more than a thousand stores in the u.s. is doing just fine.
granted, that wasn't the case a week ago, when the stock was standing in the shadow of its own 30%+ selloff that materialized in a matter of days. quarterly revenue as well as earnings , and that news was made worse to contracted full-year guidance.
as at the time though, "any and all slowdowns in the u.s. personal care industry over the past two decades have been small and short-lived. during that stretch, personal care sales have risen at a fairly steady 4% compounded annual growth rate, and there have never been back-to-back years of declines."
source: sundry photography / shutterstock.com
it's another name that doesn't need any description -- add walmart (nyse:) to your list of stocks to watch for the coming year.
there was a time not too long ago when the world's biggest retailer didn't necessarily deserve such acknowledgement. its web presence was a joke (given its size), and the organization almost demonstrated a kind of contempt for its customers.
the company has managed to make a near-180-degree turnaround from those dark days though. last quarter's , while e-commerce grew an incredible 37% year-over-year. both extended long streaks of comparable quarterly growth.
the additional reason wmt stock ranks among the best stocks to watch for 2020: even if we should slip into a recession, the nature of walmart's business keeps it pretty well shielded.
source: pavel kapysh / shutterstock.com
american tower (nyse:) isn't exactly a household name, although it's likely someone that lives in your household who consistently relies on the company's service. american tower owns a network of 171,000 cell phone towers all over the world, leasing access to them to wireless telecom service providers like verizon communications (nyse:) and t-mobile (nasdaq:).
clearly the need for this infrastructure is never going to go away. in fact, we're entering a period where demand for mobile device connectivity towers could explode.
the advent of is that driving force. with it, wireless internet speeds are rivaling more traditional coaxial and dsl (phone line broadband) speeds, opening the door to a whole new data-centric paradigm. american tower believes the amount of data transmitted via mobile devices will quadruple by 2023, and is preparing now to help wireless service providers meet the need.
source: shutterstock
copart (nasdaq:) is another name that may not be terribly familiar to most investors, but is one of the top stocks to watch as we move into what will likely turn out to be the latter stages of an economic growth cycle.
copart, in simplest terms, is an . it sells wrecked vehicles -- some more wrecked than others -- to repair shops that need a lot of parts for a particular model of vehicle, or it sells these damaged vehicles to individuals looking for a fixer-upper project.
it's a resilient business, with the company able to drive reasonably steady sales and earnings growth regardless of the auto market environment. neither the 2008 lull nor the move into the 2015 frenzy that became known as "peak auto" appears to have made much of an impact on the company's .
in other words, cprt stock is a nice all-weather play.
source: jonathan weiss / shutterstock.com
paypal holdings (nasdaq:) may have become the dominant name in the business first, but square (nyse:) is coming on strong now. in june, instinet analysts dan dolev and conan leon believe, square's so-called cash app was downloaded more than paypal's comparable app.
it's only anecdotal evidence that suggests paypal's best days are behind it while square's best days are ahead. nevertheless, it's a powerful, telling data nugget that points to a bigger trend.
raw numbers tell the rest of the story. as the idea of a cashless society continues to gain acceptance, analysts are looking for square to grow its top line by 43% this year, driving a 64% increase in per-share profits. next year's 34% revenue growth is forecasted to improve net income to the tune of 44%. that's apt to happen regardless of the condition of the economy at the time.
source: shutterstock
speaking of companies that shouldn't be impacted by economic turbulence, add exact sciences (nasdaq:) to your list of stocks to watch for 2020.
you may know the company better than you think you know it, if the name doesn't ring a bell. exact sciences is the developer of the at-home , which was well-touted through the use of television advertising after its 2014 approval. that's not all the company does, but it's certainly the current claim to fame.
that being said, the organization's pipeline and diagnostic know-how is about to expand in a big way. in july, exact sciences announced its genomic health (nasdaq:), which will dovetail nicely into the dna-based diagnostics work the company was already doing.
source: shutterstock
as the old adage goes, there's nothing certain in life but death and taxes. the statement isn't entirely accurate though. in addition to death and taxes, as long as humans walk the face of the earth, they'll be producing garbage and paying someone to haul it away for them.
enter waste management (nyse:) ... a long-established landfill and garbage truck operator that has also embraced the more modern concept of turning trash into treasure. that is to say, waste management has gotten serious about converting landfill gas into energy, annually collecting enough methane to produce 4.5 million megawatt-hours worth of electricity.
perhaps more important, the company has the "steady-eddie" results to make it a solid buy for an unclear future. through the top line ebbs and flows, it bigger and better than ever.
source: gguy / shutterstock.com
there was a time in the increasingly distant past when microsoft (nasdaq:) wasn't fully prepared for the modern era of computing. cloud-based everything is the new norm, and the advent of mobile/wireless connectivity has opened the door to a whole new kind of cybersecurity need. indeed, the internet is now the centerpiece of how most businesses operate.
ceo satya nadella had his finger on the pulse of the future when he took the helm in 2014, ramping up the company's presence in the all-important cloud market. its azure platform has become a wildly popular means for companies to manage their cloud, with , while business people and enterprise-level users love the fact that they can access their productivity programs like word and excel online, in any web browser.
the shift has been a win for microsoft as well though. all of these new cloud-based offerings? they drive recurring, subscription-based revenue, allowing the company to know what the short-term and long-term top line will look like.
source: finally, add church & dwight (nyse:) to your list of stocks to watch for 2020.
it's in the same vein as procter & gamble (nyse:) and unilever (nyse:), although not nearly as big as either of those more familiar players. that's not necessarily a problem though. indeed, it seems as if the massive size that once allowed the likes of p&g to be a powerhouse has since become something of a liability.
to that end, like arm & hammer, oxi-clean, orajel, nair and others are small enough to let them be the alternative to the most recognizable products in each major consumer goods category ... big brand names consumers are increasingly shunning, even if just on principle.
the company's got the proof that being smaller works. in only one quarter since 2006 has church & dwight failed to on a year-over-year basis. the pros are calling for revenue growth of more than 5% this year and next year as well.
as of this writing, james brumley held a long position in alphabet. you can learn more about him at his website , or follow him on twitter, at @jbrumley.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
looking at the underlying holdings of the etfs in our coverage universe at etf channel, we have compared the trading price of each holding against the average analyst 12-month forward target price, and computed the weighted average implied analyst target price for the etf itself. for the guru activist index etf (symbol: actx), we found that the implied analyst target price for the etf based upon its underlying holdings is $0.00 per unit.
with actx trading at a recent price near $0.00 per unit, that means that analysts see 11.12% upside for this etf looking through to the average analyst targets of the underlying holdings. three of actx's underlying holdings with notable upside to their analyst target prices are cnx resources corp (symbol: cnx), cheniere energy inc. (symbol: lng), and alphabet inc (symbol: goog). although cnx has traded at a recent price of $8.36/share, the average analyst target is 57.89% higher at $13.20/share. similarly, lng has 19.81% upside from the recent share price of $66.31 if the average analyst target price of $79.44/share is reached, and analysts on average are expecting goog to reach a target price of $1393.69/share, which is 13.09% above the recent price of $1232.41. below is a twelve month price history chart comparing the stock performance of cnx, lng, and goog: combined, cnx, lng, and goog represent 6.40% of the guru activist index etf. below is a summary table of the current analyst target prices discussed above:
are analysts justified in these targets, or overly optimistic about where these stocks will be trading 12 months from now? do the analysts have a valid justification for their targets, or are they behind the curve on recent company and industry developments? a high price target relative to a stock's trading price can reflect optimism about the future, but can also be a precursor to target price downgrades if the targets were a relic of the past. these are questions that require further investor research. the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
over the past decade, wall street has witnessed the meteoric rise of amazon (nasdaq:). with a market cap of about $910 billion, amzn stock is now one of the largest publicly listed companies. in the u.s. as well as in many other countries, it is the dominant online retailer. in recent years, amazon has also expanded into other growth areas such as cloud computing where it has already become a leader.
 however, since early july, long-term amzn shareholders have been somewhat concerned with the stock's price action. on july 11, amazon stock hit an 52-week high of $2035.80. on aug. 26, it saw of $1743.51. currently the amazon stock price is hovering around $1850.
now many investors are wondering if this quarter amzn stock goes and stays over $2000, a price that has become an important resistance level.
until its next earnings report on 4, i expect amzn to stay range-bound, possibly between $1750 and $1900. in other words, amazon stock would need to show strong q3 financial numbers that would act as catalyst to push the stock over $2,000 again. here is why.
in july, when for its second fiscal quarter of 2019 , it missed on the bottom line as it warned profits would disappoint in q3, too. amazon stock's eps in the quarter was $5.22, compared to the forecast eps of $5.56.
the retail giant beat analysts' average revenue estimate by a small amount. its q2 revenue came at $63.4 billion. wall street was looking for $62.5 billion. in q2 2018, amazon had posted $52.9 billion in sales.
during the quarter, amazon's u.s. sales increased by 17% to $35.8 billion. the group's international sales grew by 9% to $16.2 billion.
amazon stock's aws segment is the growth driver operating at high margins. the group especially uses the cash generated from aws to fund the growth in other segments.
wall street noted that subscriptions, which mainly constitute amazon prime members, were up 37% to $4.7 billion.
investors noted that the group's renewed investments into the company are paying off as sales increased. however, this sales growth is coming at the expense of lower profit margins.
since the release of the quarterly results, investors have decreased growth expectations for the coming months, as partly reflected by the sharp drop in the amzn stock price.
not only has amazon stock changed the world of e-commerce, but the company has been disrupting how consumer shop overall. yet, these earnings results show that the revenue growth of amazon's online store, third-party sellers, and subscriptions has been decelerating.
furthermore, aws, or amazon's cloud business, reported its slowest growth rate in several years. its aws revenue hit $8.4 billion. however, the consensus estimate was for $8.5 billion. in q2 2018, the unit revenue had been $6.1 billion. investors were especially concerned that the growth in aws is not offsetting the top-line declines of other segments.
over the past few years, revenue and operating profits of aws have grown extremely quickly. however, its mouth-watering operating margins have also attracted serious competition from other tech giants.
going forward, amazon expects its investments to increase, another factor that will negatively affect its bottom line and potentially amazon stock in the near future. the company is expected to invest heavily in its advertising business, prime video, international growth, shipping, and logistics.
when the company releases q3 earnings in late october, analysts will be paying attention to the various growth metrics that amazon reports. management gave q3 net sales guidance to be between $66-$70 billion. this guidance would mean a growth of between 17% and 24% compared with third-quarter 2018.
to me, earnings results in the past few quarters show that amzn stock is becoming increasingly dependent on aws for revenue growth. therefore, in q3 i would be interested to see the metrics for each segment.
if you are wondering whether you should buy amazon stock right now, the answer depends on your evaluation of amazon's fundamentals and on your investing time horizon.
in the coming weeks, i expect amzn stock to trade in a range between $1,750 and $1,900. if amazon stock stays above the $1,820 level, it is likely to test $1,900 and above soon.
year-to-date amzn share price is up over 21%. if you already own amzn stock, you might want to hold onto your shares. however, within the parameters of your portfolio allocation and risk/return profile, you may consider placing a stop loss about 3%-5% below the current price point, especially if you want to protect your paper profits.
amzn is a is a high beta stock at . the stock market has a beta of 1.0. therefore amazon stock's beta measures its volatility in relation to the market. in other words, in general, amzn stock rises more than the market in bullish conditions and decreases more when markets are falling. short-term traders should exercise caution if they want to participate in amazon stock's wide daily swings.
patient investors who continue to believe in amzn may see any price dip towards or below the $1,750 level as an opportunity to go long amzn stock and ride out its daily volatility.
amazon stock will need to stabilize and build a base again before it can deliver a long-term, sustained rally that would take the shares over $2,000.
when amazon next reports its q3 results in october, investors will scrutinize the company's fundamentals. if the results show that the company's growth has slowed further, investors may decide that amazon is now a maturing company. as a result, they may think that the current valuation of amazon stock is excessive.
nonetheless, it is important to remember that a mega-company with fundamentals as robust as amazon's could withstand several months of uncertainty. and, eventually, amzn's management will make decisions that will move the company forward.
on , amazon will be holding its next hardware event. wall street would be looking to see what alexa-enabled products may be introduced in the coming months.
management also continues to invest heavily in original video content development and online streaming services. i'd also continue to observe that space for its potential effect on amzn stock revenue.
in two to three years, i expect amzn stock investors to be rewarded handsomely. eventually, fundamental catalysts will drive amazon stock higher, and the stock price will rise above $2,000 again.
as of this writing, the author did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
many became concerned about amazon (nasdaq:) stock as an attack on saudi oil fields sent oil prices (and by extension, delivery costs) soaring. however, a wall street journal report has likely overshadowed that concern due to more intense antitrust scrutiny.
 since amazon stock that has traded in a range for almost a year and a half, amzn traders could face a longer period of frustration.
bad news greeted amazon as it began monday trading, and not just because of higher oil prices. amzn stock fell by over 2% in monday trading following the wsj story alleging that amazon in such a way that would boost its products. the algorithms also bolstered products that brought higher profits to the company. this move also supposedly caused turmoil within the e-commerce giant as both lawyers and engineers pushed back against these changes.
if proven true, these actions could cause amazon further pain as both u.s. and eu regulators have investigated the company for both operating a marketplace and selling products within that ecosystem. this action also contradicts years of statements from the company stating that its focus hinged on long-term profitability instead of steering customers to specific products for short-term gains.
the previous quarterly report did not help matters. amazon beat revenue estimates, however, they fell short on the bottom line and warned that q3 would likely fail to meet expectations. this news sent amzn stock back below the $2,000 per share level. it quickly fell close to the $1,800 per share level where it trades today.
worse, this continues the troubles for amazon stock, which has become mired in a trading range. for almost 18 months, amzn has traded at levels between around $1,300 per share and just over $2,000 per share. the current amzn stock price of just over $1,800 per share places it toward the high end of the range.
the question for traders is, what can take amzn stock beyond this range? unfortunately for amazon bulls, that path may have narrowed. to be sure, amazon remains firmly positioned. amazon web services (aws) continues to produce the majority of company profits. it also maintains its lead over the likes of microsoft (nasdaq:), alphabet (nasdaq:, nasdaq:goog), and ibm (nyse:) in providing cloud services.
moreover, despite the profit warning for q3, analysts expect earnings to grow by 17.1% for this year and 40.8% in fiscal 2020. this could support the current forward price-to-earnings (pe) ratio of just under 55 under normal circumstances.
however, that pe could give traders pause with the antitrust concerns, at least on a short or medium-term basis. due to the latest allegations, regulators will probably have a stronger case against amazon. these accusations could lead to anything in between a slap on the wrist or an outright breakup.
moreover, traders have to assume that the company will remove the algorithms that boosted amzn profits. i would also surmise that the earnings increases mentioned above will see downward revisions. paying 55 times forward earnings may not pay off for investors under such circumstances.
though higher oil prices could hurt the company, intensified antitrust accusations will likely cause further pain for holders of amzn stock. the allegations make penalties from regulators on both sides of the atlantic more likely. traders can also expect lower profits as antitrust pressure will force a change in the algorithms.
considering the scrutiny faced by microsoft in the 1990s and early 2000s, i see a breakup as unlikely. even if a split occurred, the breakups of standard oil and at&t (nyse:) in the 20th century ultimately made the sum of the parts greater than the whole.
however, shorter-term i see the wsj story as a negative. from a stock perspective, it could lead investors to question whether they should pay almost 55 times forward earnings under these circumstances.
long-term, i expect amzn stock will maintain its cloud and e-commerce leadership and post double-digit earnings growth. however, for now, investors should let the dust settle and try to buy later at a lower price.
as of this writing, will healy did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned stocks. you can at @healywriting.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
for over a year now, i've looked at netflix (nasdaq: nflx) and its steep stock pullbacks multiple times, but i just haven't been able to bring myself to buy in.
it isn't the high valuation that's kept me away (even though the company sports a forward price-to-earnings ratio of 52), nor the torrid growth of expenses to stock up on and create content (a negative free cash flow of $594 million in the second quarter of 2019 alone). what's kept me from buying the dip is the history of the "early mover" business model -- and the inevitable shakeout that ensues when peers that were disrupted by the early mover strike back.
data by ycharts.
early movers and their shareholders often front the bill for new technology by testing and proving the efficacy of a new business model. i recently came across a rant from an early smart-home adopter furious that alphabet's google was unifying its device ecosystem, making support for some of its peers' smart-home devices a real headache. frustrating? you bet! but it's unfortunately what happens to early adopters of new tech. those quick to take up new ideas often get "guinea-pigged" and stuck with some of the bill for later mass adoption.
investors in new technology and business models are familiar with this, too. innovating companies need cash, and they often turn to selling stock and burning up the cash raised for a later payoff. sometimes this plays out in grandiose style, as with netflix and its massive returns since its initial public offering in 2002. amazon's early entrance into cloud computing, in the early 2000s, has also yielded huge sums of wealth for shareholders. other times, though, the payoff isn't quite the same: later businesses enter and disrupt the disruptors with more refined offerings, once the initial concept has had the kinks worked out. here are a few historical examples.
other examples abound, including the smartphone market, the current disruption in the cybersecurity space, and the responses of retailers like walmart and target to amazon. these examples might not be perfect analogies to the world of streaming, but they still illustrate the cycle of new business models and innovation.
with netflix pulling in millions of new subscribers -- mostly internationally at this point -- it's become clear that streaming tv is the future, and there's plenty of growth to be had. early netflix investors have been rewarded handsomely, but we are entering a period when the industry will go from essentially a few options to many, and the competitive landscape will be reshaped.
it could be easy to write off the mounting competition and say netflix will be fine, because it has enjoyed such a big head start in the world of streaming tv. but periods of industry transition like this can be bumpy, and the new entrants that netflix is fending off aren't start-ups. disney (nyse: dis) owns arguably some of the most recognizable and popular franchises ever, and while disney+ will only debut in three countries in november, it will roll out to other major markets over the next two years and will be bundled with hulu and espn+. apple tv+ is debuting in 100 countries right out of the gate in november. and comcast's (nasdaq: cmcsa) nbcuniversal streaming service could be a serious contender next year, with comcast controlling a significant presence in europe thanks to its sky acquisition last year. it's not even the competitive price tags on these other competing services: there are only so many hours in a day for consumers to be entertained and so much money in their monthly budgets for streaming subscriptions.
don't get me wrong, i'm not predicting the death of netflix -- or even that it will lose its leadership role in the streaming tv industry anytime soon. i'm just not ready to invest until the shakeout starts to take shape. at the very least, netflix no longer seems to have a real competitive advantage (as it obviously did over cable).
the company is still priced as if it's a cutting-edge pioneer and innovator -- the only game in town. the business model is starting to mature, and i'm not seeing enough innovation at netflix (creating original content is something everyone is pursuing) for me to get really excited right now. and the current valuation seems based on an assumption that netflix will continue as the only game in town for quite some time.
that's why i'm staying away from this stock and plan to do so until some of the heavy-hitting competing services come out and have some operating history under their belts. it's been an incredible run for netflix, but a breather -- at least a couple of years' worth -- is certainly in the cards.
10 stocks we like better than netflixwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and netflix wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. suzanne frey, an executive at alphabet, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. nicholas rossolillo owns shares of alphabet (c shares), apple, comcast, fitbit, verizon communications, and walt disney. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends alphabet (a shares), alphabet (c shares), amazon, apple, fitbit, netflix, and walt disney. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $60 calls on walt disney, short october 2019 $125 calls on walt disney, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool recommends comcast and verizon communications. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
"content is king" has been the prevailing mantra in subscription businesses. investors will always make this convenient claim whenever there's the need to feel good about their investment decisions. that is, of course, when that investment involves an extensive content library such as netflix (nflx). but there's also tons of value in data, as facebook (fb) and amazon (amzn) have demonstrated.
marrying data with an emphasis on health, as apple (aapl) has shown with its dominance in wearables, is becoming a money-making endeavor. it's for this reason, among others, i believe google (goog , googl) should buy fitbit (fit). my crystal ball tells me that google can benefit significantly from fitbit's transition towards software and services -- here's why.
though consumers love fitbit products, fitbit has struggled to convert that level of consumer interest to consistent revenue growth -- something that has pressured the stock. fitbit shares are down 24% year to date, while the s&p 500 index has risen 19%. and if you've held fit stock over the past three and five years, you have lost 78% and 90%, respectively. but fitbit could be on a verge of a comeback. and the company's ceo, james park, has initiated some strategic m&a moves such as twine that stands to revive the top line.
twine's platform targets workplace wellness providers, tracks chronic diseases and connects patients to health coaches and doctors. this platform adds significant value to fitbit's existing relationships with insurers such as unitedhealth (unh) and its capabilities with corporate wellness programs. what's more, fitbit's strong relationship with the fda by being part of their pre-cert program has tons of credibility.
and to say nothing about fitbit's recent deal with the government singapore to provide devices for potentially hundreds of thousands of people who commit to a monthly subscription. though customers won't pay for the devices, they will commit to spending $10 a month for a year of premium service, which includes guidance and one-on-one coaching. in other words, all of the pieces james park has promised investors are starting to fall into place.
to be sure, there are still some challenges with fitbit as evidenced by the company's q2 earnings results, which underscores apple's commanding lead in the global smartwatch market. although q2 numbers beat on both the top and bottom lines, the stock got rocked after the company cut the midpoint of 2019 revenue guidance by $95 million. but fitbit's transition into software and services will give it both recurring revenue and fatter margins.
to the extent these types of deals become the standard for fitbit, the company's stock price, currently at $3.75, can reach double digits in the next 12 to 18 months. should google wait before fitbit becomes too expensive? fitbit already has a partnership with google to use its cloud and healthcare api. plus, fitbit's wealth of data and its focus on enterprise wellness programs would give google an advantage over apple.
and here's the thing: fitbit's ability to work on android devices means there's potentially a massive user base across the globe that would appeal to governments or insurance providers who are looking to establish wellness programs. in other words, fitbit's premium service stands to be a major revenue generator for the company. sure, it would take time for any transition to bear fruit. but if google wants to take a bite out of apple's wearables dominance, i think there's no better way to do it than by buying fitbit.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
after having spent 20 years in the it industry serving in various roles from system administration to network engineer, richard saintvilus became a finance writer, covering the investor's view on the premise that everyone deserves a level playing field. his background as an engineer with strong analytical skills helps him provide actionable insights to investors. saintvilus is a warren buffett disciple who bases his investment decisions on the quality of a company's management, its growth prospects, return on equity and other metrics, including price-to-earnings ratios. he employs conservative strategies to increase capital, while keeping a watchful eye on macro-economic events to mitigate downside risk. saintvilus' work has been featured on cnbc, yahoo! finance, msn money, forbes, motley fool and numerous other outlets. you can follow him on twitter at @richard_stv.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
despite positive rhetoric from the top, the economy may be headed for troubled waters. for one thing, the benchmark indices have not demonstrated much conviction. further, individual names have taken some ugly dives, scaring off investors from the usual stocks to buy.
unfortunately, the situation may not improve in the nearer term. while president trump has always spouted the message of winning against china, the actual data suggests otherwise. according to moody's analytics, the trade war has . based on present trends, the firm estimates that the job loss tally will reach 450,000 by year's end.
another factor that has stymied stocks to buy is the political situation. currently, we're in one of the most divisive eras in american history. with a high-stakes election coming up next year, trump can't afford to look weak to his core voting base. thus, the trade war might continue for at least another year.
but in the midst of this turmoil, investors have an opportunity to go contrarian with recession-resistant services stocks to buy. although consumers are generally incentivized to curtail spending in a downturn, some service providers are simply indelible. others help clients save money, which is a necessity in troubled times.
so without any more delays, here are my picks for recession-resistant services stocks to buy:
source: castleski / shutterstock.com
at first glance, alphabet (nasdaq:, nasdaq:googl) doesn't appear an intuitive candidate for recession-resistant services stocks to buy. with its technology-centric business, and one that is increasingly geared toward the cloud, googl stock would seem more vulnerable to volatility under a recession.
however, what changes the calculus for googl stock is youtube. as we all know, recessions are generally unhelpful for discretionary retail names: people simply will shut down unnecessary spending. and in some ways, that applies to services stocks as well. however, alphabet via youtube provides a wealth of free information (amid all the other junk).
i'll use a personal example. i'm not the most technically inclined for household maintenance work. however, with youtube, i've been able to take care of several basic jobs, allowing me to save hundreds. in a recession, i think this example will be amplified tenfold, making googl stock one of the surprisingly good services stocks to buy.
source: robert gregory griffeth / shutterstock.com
you don't have to do deep research to understand that auto sales decline sharply in a recession. but if you want the proof, here it is: according to the federal reserve's economic research arm, the retail automotive sector was one of the hardest hit segments of the economy during the 2008 financial crisis and the subsequent great recession.
that's bad news for automakers. however, it might spell at least a stable revenue channel for autozone (nyse:) and azo stock.
part of the allure of buying a new car is the associated benefits. for instance, many dealerships offer complementary services like oil changes for the first few years of ownership (or lease). but in a recession, such offers won't be enough to overcome consumer fears. that plays into the hands of azo stock and related services stocks to buy.
not only does autozone provide an extensive array of parts, their customer service team can help direct you accordingly. combined with the do-it-yourself information available at youtube, azo stock appears a compelling contrarian buy in a recession.
source: jonathan weiss / shutterstock.com
one of the difficult aspects about figuring out which services stocks to buy for a recession is the underlying assumption: nobody truly knows what's going to happen next. with the markets still relatively elevated, it seems a recovery is possible in the nearer term. but for those who think that, i'd still recommend looking into o'reilly automotive (nasdaq:) and orly stock.
while benchmark indices still have their foot in the bull market, the automotive sector is decidedly bearish. earlier this summer, automotive journal jalopnik noted that car sales have slipped to a "." as i mentioned earlier, this is bad news for most automakers. however, it suits orly stock perfectly.
aside from offering a warehouse of parts, o'reilly also provides . these include critical functions, such as battery testing and "check engine light" testing. while complementary, these offers facilitate upselling for parts and specialized services. that's a big plus for orly stock as investors seek out viable opportunities in a distressed environment.
source: ken wolter / shutterstock.com
among recession-resistant services stocks to buy, h&r block (nyse:) is probably the least intuitive play. that assessment has only been exacerbated by the recent sharp decline in hrb stock. with the drop, shares have essentially gone flat for over the last three years. certainly, this is not a great way to make an introduction.
i'll freely admit that hrb stock has substantial risks. if you have a conservative portfolio, you may want to seek other services stocks. that said, if we fall into a recession, h&r block's core business becomes all the more valuable.
yes, you can do your taxes yourself, which saves frontline costs. however, in the long run, you're better off with credentialed accounting advice. that applies even more so with small business owners and those with complex tax situations.
indeed, in these latter categories, people can save money in the long haul. with accountants guiding you to perfectly legal deductions, clients can maximize their financials and have peace of mind. those are all valuable attributes that underline hrb stock.
source: ken wolter / shutterstock.com
supplemental insurance provider aflac (nyse:) hasn't enjoyed the best performance over the past few months. since the middle of july, afl stock is down nearly double digits. with some of the recessionary fears impacting trading behavior, the equity may unfortunately be choppy over the nearer term.
but in the broader picture, i think the realities of an economic downturn may inspire people to consider aflac's services. while traditional insurance programs may cover the basics, there are always potential gaps that might not be covered. in these situations, aflac provides a valuable service, making afl stock one of the more critical stocks to buy.
on a more personal note, i , an aircraft mechanic who suffered debilitating osteoarthritis. wright was out of work for 20 months while he concentrated on rehabilitation. through his dedicated commitment, as well as assistance from employment network allsup employment services, he was back on his feet.
certainly, wright is one of the lucky ones. but his story is a reminder that our health is not guaranteed. however, companies like aflac can provide peace of mind, which is a tremendous boost for afl stock.
source: shutterstock
this is an icky topic, but death is simply a part of life, ironically enough. while it's also not dinner table conversation, investments like carriage services (nyse:) benefit from a guaranteed bullish narrative: we have lots of people in the u.s. and they're all going to die. as one of the biggest funeral services providers, carriage services and csv stock have lucrative growth opportunities.
furthermore, now might be a great time to consider csv as one of your top recession-resistant stocks to buy. i say this because of demographic realities. following world war ii, the u.s. experienced a surge in population size. called the baby boom, the demographic belonging to this group peaked in 1999 at .
despite many who passed, there are many more waiting to knock on st. peter's gate. in other words, csv stock should have ample opportunities for upside.
source: shutterstock
the same arguments for csv can be made for other funeral services stocks such as service corporation international (nyse:). there are certain industries where the demand does not decrease when the economy is hurting. unfortunately, making arrangements for deceased loved ones is one of those industries.
sci states that "provide families with a full range of choices, from the simplest funeral arrangements to elegant ceremonies requiring intricate planning and unique features or events." that means that while simpler services may become more popular out of necessity in a major downturn, sci can still provide those services.
source: shutterstock
prior to its rally that started in early august, cvs health (nyse:) was contrary to its name not looking healthy. at one point, cvs stock was down nearly 20% for the year. and part of the reason was the competition. with disruptive names like amazon (nasdaq:) or walmart (nyse:) attempting to take more of the healthcare pie, cvs stock has historically absorbed serious pain.
fortunately, that appears to be changing. since the beginning of august, cvs stock is up nearly 15%, completely altering the implications behind its chart. against january's opening price, shares are just above break even. by itself, that's nothing to write home about. but considering where it was, investors will gladly take what they can.
but a little more patience might be in order, especially if we hit a recession. even in a downturn, people can't avoid everyday frustrations, such as getting sick. thus, cvs enjoys secular demand, which is why you should consider it among relevant stocks to buy.
source: shutterstock
if you still have a bad taste in your mouth about the funeral services stocks to buy, don't worry: these last two names will put a smile on your face.
i'm going to start this duo of stocks to buy with trupanion (nasdaq:), a medical insurance provider for your pets. specifically, trupanion insures dogs and cats, but seeing as how these are the most popular pet species, this fits well for trup stock.
of course, we all know how expensive medical insurance for humans is. with insuring pets, it might seem overkill. however, our pets are often a huge part of our lives. plus, an acute issue can . in a recession, it might make sense to insure whatever you can, thus lifting the case for trup stock.
source: shutterstock
idexx laboratories (nasdaq:) specializes in medical diagnostic equipment for pets. up until a recent decline, business has been good for idxx stock. even with the drop in market value, shares are up nearly 47%.
and against a longer-term framework, you might want to consider adding idxx to your list of potential stocks to buy. for one thing, americans love their furry friends. according to the american pet products association, . moreover, millennials will spend more on their pets' healthcare than on their own health-related needs.
yes, that sounds crazy, but it also underlines the bullish narrative for idxx stock. plus, our four-legged family members offer us humans a number of . these factors will especially be important if we incur an economic downturn.
as of this writing, josh enomoto did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
facebook (nasdaq:) stock is the little brother of the "cloud czars." with a market cap of $534 billion, facebook trades at 31.7 times last year's earnings. this is helped by a balance sheet that showed $41 billion in cash and no debt in june, even while the company spends capital at a $15 billion per year rate.
 facebook's rate of capital spending growth is extraordinary. the company's capital budget was $293 million in 2009. in 2018 it was .
alphabet (nasdaq:, nasdaq:googl) gets primary credit for creating the cloud concept. amazon (nasdaq:) has turned the cloud into a market. but no company has been as dedicated to pushing cloud technology as facebook. its open compute project, launched in 2011, continues to push cloud costs down.
yet none of the cloud czars -- not microsoft (nasdaq:), not alphabet, not amazon, not even apple (nasdaq:) -- is as hated as facebook.
many have come to believe that facebook is partially responsible for the election of president donald trump. facebook ceo mark zuckerberg later testified that he believes facebook did not to prevent disinformation and fake news articles from swaying election results.
while alphabet is actively pushing beyond its free web roots, facebook is doubling down on all things free. as politicians call for the breaking up of the free web's giants, facebook is choosing to its ancillary services.
this doesn't mean facebook is ignoring the threats. in july, facebook agreed to pay $5 billion to settle a federal trade commission investigation into its privacy practices. in the aftermath of this fine, facebook is changing its , so it won't automatically use facial recognition software to tag photos. this will ease the automatic collection of biometric data. facebook is also considering hiding the likes on its news feed and is meeting with government officials trying to .
in general, however, facebook is showing government the same blank, bland face zuckerberg showed in congressional testimony . it tells the government what it thinks lawmakers want to hear but otherwise does what it wants. exasperated, oregon senator ron wyden recently suggested that zuckerberg belongs in prison.
it is paying for a new series of fact-based media templates in europe as part of its platform. it has launched pop-up windows on its social media platforms to counter misinformation about vaccines. facebook has also issued a on data portability -- the notion that a user should be able to move their data from facebook to another platform -- in response to growing demand.
facebook is often used for . picture friends' faces popping up through messenger, earnestly asking for money or personal information. i have personally faced several of these phishing attempts and twice almost gave hackers hundreds of dollars as a result.
mainly, facebook continues to treat political problems as technical ones. after this summer's , which exposed thousands of kids to unauthorized users, its response was a technically focused letter.
the test of whether this attempt to fight back is working may be libra, its blockchain project. libra seeks to replicate services already available from chinese rivals like alibaba (nyse:) and tencent (otcmkts:). while trying to get support, facebook has said blockchain technology will protect payments and lower costs. the european union is already investigating libra to see if it harms its competitors, even before its launch.
while there are analysts who think facebook should double down on services, say by yelp (nyse:), it is facebook's data centers and its cloud network that hold the key to its future.
that network now includes two data centers in europe and an 11-story center , all built with the low-cost standards created by the open compute project.
analysts will continue to look at facebook through the front door of . they need to look instead at the back door of facebook's data center footprint.
if the former is too deep and technical for you, facebook is a buy.
 is a financial and technology journalist. he is the author of the environmental story, bridget o'flynn and the bear, available at the amazon kindle store. write him at or follow him on twitter at @danablankenhorn. as of this writing he owned shares in aapl, msft amzn and baba.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
by daniel sparks
the apple (nasdaq: aapl) product launch on tuesday was packed with news. on the hardware front, the tech giant released the iphone 11, iphone 11 pro, and iphone 11 pro max; the apple watch series 5, and a new version of the entry-level ipad. but the tech company also shared more details on two of its upcoming services: apple arcade and apple tv+.
with the iphone segment accounting for over half of apple's revenue, it was no surprise that the company's latest versions were the main event for the keynote. but what was interesting is that it wasn't necessarily the flagship iphone that stole the show on tuesday. instead, it was the aggressive pricing of the new iphone 11 and the subsequent price cut to the current iphone xr that grabbed the spotlight.
here's a look at the newest iphones, and why the competitive pricing was a narrative that caught investors' attention.
the iphone 11. image source: apple.
as was the case last year, the lineup is made up of three new iphones: one lower-cost iphone and two high-end models. to differentiate the two higher-end smartphones from the cheapest new one, apple gave the more expensive models a "pro" designation this year.
iphone 11 (starting at $699): in many ways, this is the successor to the iphone xr that apple launched last year. priced lower than the iphone 11 pro and iphone 11 pro max, it is available in more colors, has a liquid crystal display (lcd) instead of the organic light-emitting diode (oled) version on the higher-end models, and has a display that measures 6.1 inches. setting it apart from the iphone xr, the new phone has a better camera, improved battery life, and apple's new a13 bionic processor.
iphone 11 pro (starting at $999): compared with the iphone 11, the iphone 11 pro has a smaller display size of 5.8 inches. but it has an oled display, and an even better camera system than the iphone 11. it also includes the latest a13 bionic chip.
iphone 11 pro max (starting at $1,099): the new flagship iphone replaces the iphone xs max. it is mostly the same as the iphone 11 pro but has a 6.5-inch display and five more hours of battery life compared with the iphone xs max, giving it the longest battery life of any iphone. while the iphone 11 certainly isn't cheap, it's notably priced $50 lower than the iphone xr's $749 starting price last year. perhaps even more surprising, apple dropped the price of its one-year-old iphone xr by $150, to $599.
the aggressive pricing could give the iphone segment a much-needed boost. its revenue has been declining, and iphone unit sales, which the company stopped reporting as they started to trend downward, are likely still falling as well.
as apple transitions to a business model that is focused on monetizing its base of active users with an increasingly robust slate of services, it makes sense to make its iphones more affordable. this could reinvigorate unit sales growth, which could ultimately bolster the company's installed base of active users, who it can monetize with apps and services in the coming years.
10 stocks we like better than apple
when investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and apple wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 daniel sparks has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends apple. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
the booming smartwatch market is helping drive soaring shipments in the broader wearables market. apple (nasdaq: aapl) continues to lead the way with its category-defining apple watch, which all competing smartwatches are inevitably measured against. "compared to the rest of the smartwatch market, the apple watch series 5 is in a completely different league," the verge writes in its review of the latest iteration.
rumors continue to swirl that alphabet (nasdaq: goog) (nasdaq: googl) subsidiary google has a pixel watch in the works. however, the search behemoth might have actually killed off the gadget years ago.
business insider reports that google hardware chief rick osterloh actually axed the first-party smartwatch back in 2016, shortly before the company's "made by google" hardware event in october of that year. google unveiled its first generation of pixel phones and google home smart speakers at that event.
osterloh had just been named head of google's nascent hardware business a few months prior, and shuttered numerous initiatives including project ara, which was exploring modular phones, according to the report. google had partnered with lg to manufacture its smartwatch, but osterloh was reportedly dissatisfied with the device's aesthetic, as well as its functionality. lg would proceed to release the smartwatches under its own brand in 2017.
perhaps most importantly, no pixel watch is expected to be unveiled this year, according to bi's sources. earlier this week, google announced its hardware event is scheduled for oct. 15.
the report makes google's acquisition of smartwatch tech from fossil for $40 million in january seem bizarre. that deal included intellectual property (ip) that the accessory maker was working on, as well as part of fossil's r&d team. fossil has been one of google's most consistent and loyal wear os partners, and watches are the consumer discretionary company's biggest segment.
"the addition of fossil group's technology and team to google demonstrates our commitment to the wearables industry by enabling a diverse portfolio of smartwatches and supporting the ever-evolving needs of the vitality-seeking, on-the-go consumer," wear os chief stacey burr said in a statement at the time.
why would google scoop up smartwatch ip if it wasn't building a pixel watch? it was never clear what kind of ip the company acquired, but it's worth noting that google again changed strategic course in hardware just two months later when it reportedly started ramping down its tablet and laptop efforts. osterloh subsequently confirmed that his team was bailing on tablets but still pushing forward with laptops.
some articles have made this a bit unclear so wanted to clarify. and of course we will fully support pixel slate for the long-term as well.
wear os has largely been supplanted by other platforms, including samsung's tizen and fitbit's fitbitos, so maybe it's better for google to sit this one out.
10 stocks we like better than alphabet (c shares)when investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and alphabet (c shares) wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 suzanne frey, an executive at alphabet, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. evan niu, cfa owns shares of apple. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends alphabet (a shares), alphabet (c shares), apple, and fit. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $155 calls on apple and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
apple (nasdaq: aapl) ceo tim cook didn't waste any time kicking off the company's keynote presentation on tuesday morning. while the main focus of the annual september product launch is usually the iphone, cook first provided some updates on two of the tech giant's upcoming services: apple arcade and apple tv+.
while the tech company announced apple arcade and apple tv+ alongside two other new services -- apple news+ and apple card -- earlier this year, it hadn't provided many details about the video game and television subscription services until now. on tuesday, apple revealed both services' prices, launch dates, and other details.
here's what you should know.
apple arcade is a subscription service that gives users unlimited access to a library of games. the service, apple announced, will cost $4.99 a month and will come with a one-month free trial. this price is for individual subscribers or a family of up to six members.
initially, the game will include a catalog of over 100 games and will be available in more than 150 countries.
apple's streaming-tv service, apple tv+, is launching on nov. 1. the new, ad-free subscription service will be offered in over 100 countries and will feature original shows, movies, and documentaries. some of the new shows available on the service's first day include the morning show, starring reese witherspoon, jennifer aniston, and steve carell; dickinson, a story about a rebellious young poet; and see, a drama starring jason momoa and alfre woodard.
the new service will cost $4.99 a month and include a seven-day free trial. in addition, customers who purchase a new iphone, ipad, apple tv, ipod touch, or mac will get one year of free access to apple tv+. like the apple arcade subscription, up to six family members can be included in a single subscription.
more new original shows will be added to the app each month, apple said.
competition in streaming tv has been heating up. walt disney (nyse: dis) is launching its streaming service on nov. 12 for just $6.99 a month. the new service, called disney+, will include new originals, as well as access to pixar, marvel, star wars, disney movies, and more. in addition, disney announced a $12.99-per-month bundle that will include access to disney+, espn+, and hulu.
it's no surprise to see apple pricing its services aggressively. the company likely wants to ensure it grabs market share in these new categories quickly, as services are becoming an increasingly important pillar to apple's business. services revenue in the company's most recent quarter increased 13% year over year. this compares to apple's 1% growth in its consolidated top line over the same time frame. in addition, it was a record quarter for the company's services business.
10 stocks we like better than applewhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and apple wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 daniel sparks has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends apple and walt disney. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $60 calls on walt disney, short october 2019 $125 calls on walt disney, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
