despite my type a personality toward my professional pursuits, outside the office, i'm incredibly lazy. for instance, although we live in a world of profound digital technologies, i don't advantage them. i like my routine. however, i'll make a big exception for ride hailing. many others share my enthusiasm, which underlines the investment case for lyft (nasdaq:) and lyft stock.
 when ride hailing first hit the market earlier this decade, it was an interesting novelty. however, the concept spread like wildfire, with uber (nyse:) taking the lead, and lyft quickly following suit. eventually, the two rivals went public through much fanfare and anticipation. unfortunately for the lyft stock price, that's the only good news to report so far.
since closing at $78.29 on its first trading session, the lyft stock price quickly spoiled its chart with red ink. although shares experienced a choppy rally into the second half of july, they eventually tumbled to where they are now. against that first day, lyft is down over 40%.
however, bulls will argue that this is a tremendous discounted opportunity. over the long haul, i agree. as i mentioned in last month's write-up about lyft stock, . in 2015, the pew research center reported that only 15% of american adults tried ride hailing. today, that statistic has jumped to 36%.
i don't find that surprising. in the past year, not only did i jump on the bandwagon, i convinced my parents and in-laws to do the same. they all loved it. but love is a quality that the lyft stock price isn't receiving lately.
to answer the above question, it largely depends on your framework. as a quick long-sided swing trade, i'll admit that lyft stock doesn't currently inspire confidence. along with concerns about profitability, you also have the pressing legal issue of whether lyft drivers are .
but over time, these primary concerns should fade. regarding profitability, early critics of amazon (nasdaq:) blasted the e-commerce firm with similar rhetoric that we see against lyft stock. as we know, the convenience of e-commerce converted millions of people. we see the same thing happening now because ride hailing is the future of personal transportation.
as for the latter, i sympathize with the drivers' concerns. however, i don't see lyft's issues as larger than any other company that relies on the gig economy. drivers becoming employees would overturn the flexibility and low barrier to entry that likely drew drivers to lyft and uber in the first place.
so no, i'm not worried about the usual criticisms against lyft stock. they will eventually work themselves out.
what i am concerned about, though, is the economy and how it relates to ride-hailing enterprises. if we do suffer a downturn, the incentive to hitch a ride disappears quickly.
yes, more americans are trying ride hailing. however, when you drill into pew's comprehensive statistics, you'll notice a peculiar detail: the number of adults who use lyft or uber weekly has only increased slightly. thus, the ride-hailing industry is .
and why is that? it probably has to do with the fact that income and ride-hailing adoption share a direct correlation: if you're rich, you're more likely to "ride share" -- or more accurately for all but the lowest price options for lyft and uber, ride hail.
what happens, though, if the economy slows down? based on the pew data, lyft and uber are price-sensitive, which is problematic.
i'll reiterate my prior sentiment regarding the lyft stock price: overall, i remain bullish on shares and the industry as a whole.
furthermore, here's some perspective. new innovations may take time for wider acceptance and adoption. as you know, we are creatures of habit (some of us more than others). ride hailing, like e-commerce many years ago, is enduring growing pains.
but we all know what happened to amazon after critics initially lambasted it. although the concept of e-commerce was new, it was undeniably forward thinking. and with technology, we never move backwards. thus, i'm confident that lyft will work through its problems, in part because they already have the infrastructure in place.
nevertheless, after reading the industry data more closely, the company might suffer a timing problem. as things stand now, both lyft and uber are distinctly vulnerable to any economic deceleration.
tactically, this means that bulls may buy some shares now, but should also keep the powder keg dry. if either the economy or consumer sentiment takes a hit, lyft could come down in a hurry.
as of this writing, josh enomoto did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
with the major indices scoring a fairly strong september, recession fears may have subsided for some. plus, certain metrics for the u.s. economy , suggesting that the bears are overplaying their hand. thus, loading up on dividend stocks to buy for a coming downturn seems unnecessary.
of course, i don't have a crystal ball: none of us do. perhaps president trump can convince the federal reserve to perform some fiscal voodoo, keeping the party going. still, i believe that no matter what your perspective is, dividend stocks represent an important component of your portfolio, and especially at this juncture.
first, let's look at reality. according to data from the federal reserve economic research, the average price of a house sold jumped over 37% since the beginning of this decade. in contrast, the hourly earnings of all employees only gained a little over 25% during the same period. in many markets, housing affordability greatly exceeds personal income. that's probably not a sustainable situation, which bolsters the case for recession-resistant dividend stocks to buy.
second, it's not just the u.s.-china trade war that drives the case for contextually defensive dividend stocks. because we live in a globalized economy, nothing occurs in a vacuum. germany is finding that out the hard way, with due to geopolitical conflicts. and if germany goes down, it could send a ripple effect everywhere else.
finally, the stock market's total market capitalization is 144% of the last reported gdp. that's , meaning you better be right about your non-recession call. otherwise, here are eight dividend stocks to buy:
source: jonathan weiss / shutterstock.com
i usually don't like to start off my list with speculative or overheated names. however, i'm going to make an exception for dollar general (nyse:). yes, dg stock has absolutely soared so far this year, gaining over 48% since january's opening session. also, i concede that after a huge jump late august, shares are liable to come down.
when or if they do, however, i'd look into picking up shares. primarily, the enthusiasm over dg stock has fundamental justification. both dollar general and rival dollar tree (nasdaq:) produced solid earnings results overall. for dollar general, the discount retailer raised its full-year guidance despite the ongoing u.s.-china trade war.
secondly, i think investors can reasonably expect bullishness to underline dg stock if our economy weakens. with wage growth not keeping pace with housing prices, a good-sized shock could disproportionately impact our labor market. that would drive increased traffic to discount retailers.
of course, compared to other dividend stocks to buy, dollar general's yield is nothing to write home about. but with its relevant business, dg may offer some capital growth to compensate.
source: helen89 / shutterstock.com
logically, recessions make everything worse. not only must you complete your usual routine, you also must do so with potentially less funds. but what's truly problematic is that recessions don't coincide to fit your timetable conveniently. if something goes wrong, it'll go wrong when it wants to. and that simple thesis underlines home depot (nyse:) and hd stock.
as with dollar general, hd stock has outperformed many other dividend stocks. therefore, i'm not necessarily fishing to buy shares right now, especially near all-time highs. but with every dip and dive, hd stock becomes increasingly appealing.
first, in my opinion, home depot has a moat against amazon (nasdaq:). while modern shoppers have gravitated toward the e-commerce platform, many shoppers prefer the brick-and-mortar experience. a big reason why is because they can see and test out products before purchase. this is especially crucial for home repair or renovation projects.
second, cash-strapped families are more likely to shop at home depot during an economic downturn. video platforms like alphabet's (nasdaq:, nasdaq:googl) youtube have made do-it-yourself projects more accessible. indirectly, this benefits hd stock as people are financially incentivized to roll up their sleeves.
source: jonathan weiss / shutterstock.com
a common theme among defensive dividend stocks to buy is that they have outperformed this year. for those who don't believe that we're facing a recession, they may want to consider why names like procter & gamble (nyse:) have delivered robust market returns. on a year-to-date basis, pg stock has jumped 36%.
in a world where drones fly your online purchases to your door, what procter & gamble offers seems incredibly boring: toothpaste, tampons, hair products, dishwashing liquid and laundry detergent, among many other product categories. at the same time, these are also necessities: unless it's an extremely severe one, recessions don't prevent people from taking care of themselves. hence, you have your case for pg stock.
moreover, as a stalwart among blue-chip dividend stocks, procter & gamble represents a safety valve for your portfolio. this is not a get-rich-overnight investment. it might not make you rich at all. however, the secular demand for the company's products should help pg stock weather the storm.
source: shutterstock
while recession-resistant consumer dividend stocks tend to emphasize the necessities, pepsico (nasdaq:) demonstrates that's not always the case. since the start of this year, pep stock has jumped over 27%. for traditional soft drink makers, the bullishness in this arena is a welcome change.
for many years, investors avoided pep stock and rival coca-cola (nyse:) because of shifting consumer behaviors. the major problem was that younger consumers eschewed sugary, carbonated drinks for healthier alternatives. that has led to frustrating sideways consolidation for shares of coca-cola, as well as pep stock.
to their credit, neither pepsico nor coca-cola took the consumer behavioral change lying down. specifically for pepsico, management shifted their priorities to higher-growth beverage segments, such as energy drinks. they've also invested heavily in bubly, pepsi's sparkling water brand.
best of all, these changes are working. pepsico scored an for its second-quarter report. also, a recession might provide an unexpected lift for pep stock. in a downturn, beggars can't be choosers. therefore, don't be surprised to see a lift in cheap, sugary soft drinks.
source: ilikeyellow / shutterstock.com
among dividend stocks to buy, disney (nyse:) presents a very tricky case. on the bearish end of the spectrum, the trade war has a direct impact on the global tourism industry. recently, the financial review noted that fewer chinese tourists are visiting australia, sounding alarm for the nation's tourism industry.
if the chinese aren't visiting countries close to them, they're certainly less inclined to visit the u.s. naturally, this may hurt dis stock, which enjoys a dominant presence in the theme park and resort space.
on the other hand, disney owns multiple resorts and entertainment properties throughout asia. even in economically rough circumstances, many families like to treat themselves to an excursion.
plus, other elements of disney's businesses are quite compelling in a slump. for example, the company is rolling out their streaming service called disney+. it features the magic kingdom's lucrative content library, along with shows inspired by marquee franchises like star wars. that's a huge plus for dis stock.
as far as the yield goes, many other dividend stocks offer superior passive income. however, disney has a very stable business that becomes net more attractive in a recession.
source: lester balajadia / shutterstock.com
although it frequently pops up in lists of dividend stocks to buy, at&t (nyse:) is somewhat of a controversial name. that's because the telecom giant has been very acquisitive, and many observers don't view this as a positive attribute. principally, at&t's $85 billion buyout of timewarner seemed excessive to conservative investors.
for a while, the detractors were dead-on with their assessment. since the early spring of 2017, t stock was mired in an ugly bearish trend channel. at its worst, shares closed below $30 in december of last year.
however, since hitting that bottom, t stock has looked much more interesting. i'll admit that the capital growth narrative is a more of a slow grind. but that's what dividend stocks do, right? additionally, while it inched higher, shareholders received a nice payout.
over the long run, i believe t stock has potential. first, the 5g rollout cannot occur with giants like at&t and rival verizon (nyse:) investing in the infrastructure. second, while the timewarner deal was expensive, it does give the company a valuable content empire.
source: over the past few months, i've consistently forwarded the argument that recessions place a premium on sources of entertainment. although americans are generally hard-working and have a history of working harder when the times get tough, we're not robots. we do , a distraction from our daily troubles. this is where cinemark (nyse:) and cnk stock come into the picture.
under the cinemark umbrella, the company has multiple brands: its namesake brand, century theatres, tinseltown usa, cinearts and rave cinemas. this allows the company to cater to different tastes. audience members can watch summer blockbusters in century theatres, often located in major metropolitan areas. for those who prefer classier affairs, they can enjoy films showing at cinearts.
but what really drives interest for cnk stock is its comparatively low overhead. cinemark features . therefore, the company is more profitable than its rivals.
another important factor for cnk stock is cinemark's lower ticket prices relative to the competition. with a possible recession on the horizon, low-cost leaders will look more attractive. therefore, don't overlook cinemark in your short list of dividend stocks to buy.
source: sundry photography / shutterstock.com
touting cinemark's comparatively low overhead, there doesn't seem to be much reason to talk about amc entertainment (nyse:). sure, people want a distraction from their troubles. additionally, as i've mentioned before about amc stock, it's money well spent. when you compare buying movie tickets to watching professional sports live, there's no comparison.
however, you can also say the same about cinemark. so what makes amc stock worth buying, especially considering the company's lower margins relative to cinemark? it comes down to that one word repeated three times: location, location, location.
take a look at cinemark's : i count a whopping 22 theaters. this covers los angeles county and a handful of locations in riverside and orange counties. interestingly, san diego gets zero love.
now compare that to amc. throughout high-market areas, you get extensive representation. plus, amc theatres tend to be located in nicer neighborhoods.
if these factors aren't enough to convince you to buy amc stock, it also pays a nearly 7% dividend yield for your troubles.
as of this writing, josh enomoto was long t stock and amc stock.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
comcast's (nasdaq: cmcsa) nbc recently offered details about its intentions to jump on the video streaming bandwagon through peacock, a platform that will feature over 15,000 hours of content when it arrives next april. peacock will be offered as a free ad-supported service for comcast's u.s. customers, with paid tiers for ad-free viewing and non-comcast subscribers.
comcast hasn't revealed any prices yet, but it stated that peacock will be the exclusive streaming platform for the office (which will leave netflix (nasdaq: nflx) in 2021), parks and recreation, and reboots and revivals of classic shows like saved by the bell, battlestar galactica, and punky brewster. it will also offer access to classic nbc shows like 30 rock, everybody loves raymond, frasier, saturday night live, and its catalog of universal movies.
comcast's move into the streaming market isn't surprising, since most of its media rivals are implementing similar strategies. however, peacock's launch seems shoddily conceived for three simple reasons.
unlike apple (nasdaq: aapl), disney (nyse: dis), and amazon (nasdaq: amzn), which branded their video services clearly by adding a "plus" or "video" to their names, nbc decided to name its entire service after its six-decade-old logo.
the lack of "nbc" or "universal" in its name is confusing enough, but the "peacock" brand is already being widely roasted across social media for sharing a name with katy perry's 2010 song -- which was loaded with racy double entendres. i'm pretty sure that's not the response nbc's marketing team was looking for.
netflix has 158.8 million viewers in the u.s., according to emarketer. it's followed by amazon, with 96.5 million; disney's hulu, with 75.8 million; and at&t's (nyse: t) hbo now, with 23.1 million viewers. each of these market leaders has distinct advantages.
netflix has a first mover's advantage in the market. amazon offers prime video as a perk for prime subscribers, which topped 100 million in the u.s. at the end of 2018, according to cirp.
disney will bundle hulu with disney+ and espn+ in a $13-per-month package this november, and at&t plans to bundle its hbo and warnermedia content together in hbo max next spring. apple will also launch apple tv+ this november.
by the time comcast finally launches peacock, the market will be even more saturated with rivals, all of which will be launching high-budget original shows to lock in subscribers. it's hard to see peacock standing out in that crowded market.
peacock's lineup of shows and movies looks decent, but it arguably lacks the punch of disney's lineup of original marvel and star wars shows, amazon's $1 billion lord of the rings series, and apple tv+'s lineup of original content from stars like steven spielberg and oprah winfrey.
nbc doesn't even hold the streaming rights to friends, which at&t's warnermedia recently outbid from netflix in a $425 million five-year deal. nbc also doesn't hold the streaming rights to seinfeld, which were claimed by netflix for over $500 million for five years.
the lack of those two classic nbc comedies, which would attract a lot of nostalgic gen x viewers, would likely throttle peacock's growth. to make matters worse, warnermedia also recently secured the exclusive streaming rights to the big bang theory for an undisclosed price.
nbcuniversal's revenue fell 7% annually during the first half of 2019. the unit, which accounted for 40% of comcast's sales, struggled with a 17% drop in broadcast tv revenue and a 4% decline in its cable revenue.
that decline was mainly caused by tough year-over-year comparisons to the olympics and super bowl last year. excluding those prior-year gains, its broadcast revenue improved 4%, and its cable revenue rose 3%.
those numbers aren't bad, but its growth could decelerate as more viewers cut their cords and get locked in by single streaming platforms. moreover, at&t, which competes against comcast in the isp market, is bundling its streaming services with its internet plans.
to counter those headwinds, comcast is leveraging its position as one of the top isps in the u.s. to launch peacock as a free bonus for its subscribers. that's the same reason it recently started offering xfinity flex, a streaming platform for over 10,000 movies and shows which previously cost $5 a month, as a free bonus for its internet subscribers. flex will also support peacock when it arrives next year.
peacock is more of a defensive play for comcast instead of an offensive move aimed at netflix, amazon, apple, or disney. however, playing defense might not be enough to keep viewers from tuning out -- especially with its awkward branding, late arrival, and lack of compelling exclusive or original content.
10 stocks we like better than comcastwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and comcast wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. leo sun owns shares of amazon, apple, at&t, and walt disney. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amazon, apple, netflix, and walt disney. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $60 calls on walt disney, short october 2019 $125 calls on walt disney, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool recommends comcast. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
chewy (nyse: chwy) is still in the doghouse despite posting second-quarter results that beat analysts' expectations on the top and bottom lines, and its guidance exceeding wall street's forecast for the full year.
chewy's stock is down nearly 10% since the company reported earnings, and perhaps the problem is that they confirmed that growth is slowing. however, it doesn't seem like the market should have reacted so bearishly. chewy is delivering strong customer gains and margin expansion, indicating customers still want to spend, so although it's battling amazon.com for preeminence, it looks like the online pet supplies retailer is ably managing its expansion.
chewy said revenue rose 43% in the quarter to $1.15 billion generating an adjusted loss before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization of $29.2 million, which exceeded expectations of $1.13 billion and an adjusted loss of $29.8 million. management also guided toward full-year revenue between $4.75 billion to $4.80 billion compared to a consensus forecast of $4.73 billion.
the online retailer was able to enjoy gross margin expandsion of 300 basis points in the quarter to account for 23.6% of sales while increasing the number of active customers to 12 million, a 40% gain over last year. importantly, net sales per active customer grew 10% year over year to $352, meaning its best customers are spending more with the chain.
sales through chewy's autoship program also saw substantial growth, surging almost 49% to $800 million and now accounting for 69% of sales. however, this is less than it seems.
autoship, as the name suggests, automatically sends out products on a regular basis to customers, though it's mostly just food at the moment. it classifies an autoship customer as anyone enrolled in the program that's had an order ship either through the program or outside of it at any time during the preceding year.
while chewy has been enjoying strong sales growth, autoship's squishy definition of an order makes the metric a less reliable indicator of value. that $800 million figure doesn't necessarily mean the sales were made through autoship, just that the customer was in the autoship program and placed an order with the company. investors would probably do well to largely ignore the metric until chewy starts detailing the true value of the autoship program.
what they might want to watch instead is chewy's newest business: pet pharmacy.
pet health and wellness is still in its early stages, but management has high hopes. over 75% of pet owners have a need for a checkup for their pet, so with 12 million active customers, it ought to be able to cross-sell them on its pharmacy business or veterinary care. though there have yet to be hard-and-fast numbers to compare, it will be an important business to watch.
chewy's inadequate name recognition seems to be its biggest problem right now. despite all the marketing it has done, it still has low levels of aided and unaided brand awareness. although the company sees that as an opportunity to grow as more people become aware of its business, that also means marketing costs are likely to increase.
currently, such expenses represent just 10% of sales, and they increased 24% year over year, but they may need to accelerate much faster if chewy hopes to bring in more customers. the online pet supplies field is getting more crowded, and it will encounter greater competition as it expands its horizons, both from online and offline rivals.
with a commanding share of the online market, one equal in size to amazon, chewy has shown it is adept at navigating the waters so far, but it may be the next phase of growth that calls for it to enter new markets that prove more challenging.
10 stocks we like better than chewywhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and chewy wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. rich duprey has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amazon. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
major benchmarks were largely lower on wednesday morning, but all eyes were on the federal open market committee. the monetary policy body's two-day meeting will come to an end this afternoon, and many investors anticipate another reduction in interest rates designed to try to promote economic growth. as of 11 a.m. edt, the dow jones industrial average (djindices: ^dji) was down 62 points to 27,048. the s&p 500 (snpindex: ^gspc) fell 7 points to 2,998, and the nasdaq composite (nasdaqindex: ^ixic) dropped 24 points to 8,162.
everywhere across the economy, companies are aiming to serve their customers the best way they can. for e-commerce giant amazon.com (nasdaq: amzn), that means trying to help make it easier for people who want to shop online but also want to pay using cash. for general mills (nyse: gis), shifting trends among consumers toward different types of food products has been a cause for concern at the cereal giant, but its latest results show some of the things it's attempting in order to keep its leadership role in the food industry.
shares of amazon.com eased lower by less than 1% wednesday morning after the e-commerce giant announced a new collaboration. the company launched its paycode service in the u.s., creating a partnership with western union to give its cash-paying customers another option for buying goods through the online marketplace.
under the service, amazon customers would choose paycode at checkout and then proceed to one of 15,000 western union locations. there, they'd pay in cash for their items.
the move adds to amazon's capacity to handle cash transactions. amazon cash already has more than 100,000 locations nationwide, allowing customers to load a cash balance into their amazon account for future use. however, the advantage of paycode is that shoppers will be able to reverse the order of the transaction, finding items and making purchases first and then only afterward visiting western union to pay for them.
across the economy, many companies have aimed at eliminating cash transactions entirely. yet amazon's move shows that the war on cash has some stalwart holdouts, and they're worth wooing as potential customers -- even for the titan of online shopping.
general mills saw its stock climb modestly after releasing its fiscal first-quarter financial results. the numbers from the food giant were mixed.
on one hand, sales were lower, with revenue falling 2% and organic sales dropping 1%. the company suffered considerable sales hits in its international business, with the europe and australia segment seeing a 9% sales decline and asia and latin america falling 10%. pet products were the saving grace for the company, with a 7% sales boost coming almost entirely from pricing power.
yet the food giant did manage to boost its bottom line. adjusted earnings per share climbed 13% from year-ago levels as the pet category once again delivered an outsize contribution to those gains. solid results in north america were able to offset weak profit performance elsewhere across the globe.
general mills investors have been prepared for continuing challenges in the food industry, and so the results didn't come as a big surprise. ceo jeff harmening believes that the company made "clear progress in becoming a nimbler, more consumer-connected general mills" during the quarter, but there's still plenty more work to do to achieve the long-term goal of enhanced returns for the business.
10 stocks we like better than amazonwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and amazon wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. dan caplinger has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amazon. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
in barely four months on the public markets, many of the risks in uber technologies' (nyse: uber) business have revealed themselves: the company is losing billions of dollars a year; its growth is rapidly slowing; it's losing domestic market share to rival lyft; its uber eats business has been eclipsed by doordash; california is trying to make it treat drivers like employees rather than independent contractors, and the stock is down about 25% from its $45 ipo price, a sign that investors may already be losing faith.
however, one issue with uber has been largely ignored since the company went public in may. its financial reporting is among the most confusing of publicly traded companies as it offers a plethora of company-specific metrics. while the company supposedly provides additional metrics like "core platform revenue" to better explain its business and performance, often these metrics seem designed to obfuscate the company's true results or misdirect attention from the challenges uber faces.
a look at uber's second-quarter earnings report shows how difficult it is to assess the company's performance. revenue in the quarter was up 14%, but adjusted net revenue, which is revenue minus excess driver incentives and referrals, increased only 12%. on the other hand, adjusted net revenue in constant currency and excluding a $298 million driver appreciation award in connection with the ipo was up 26%, and gross bookings increased 31%. which figure provides the best picture of the business's growth at this point? it's hard to say, especially when uber has made just two reports as a public company.
uber also includes company-specific metrics like monthly active platform consumers, what most companies would just call "monthly users," and trips, which helps show how much its services like ridesharing, eats, and micromobility are being used.
uber investors will also want to keep track of the take rate, or the percentage of adjusted net revenue divided by gross bookings, a metric that shows how much of its bookings uber keeps before subtracting its own costs. the company also highlights core platform contribution profit and margin, which is core platform revenue minus direct costs. core platform contribution margin divides that number by adjusted net revenue to get a percentage.
outside of its core platform, uber also reports other bets, which included new and emerging businesses, primarily uber freight and new mobility, which includes bikes and scooters.
on the bottom line, it gets even more complicated. uber highlights its adjusted ebitda loss, which reached $656 million in the most recent quarter, but its net loss in the period came in at $5.24 billion due in part to $3.9 billion in stock-based compensation expense associated with the ipo. operating loss in the period was actually worse at $5.49 billion, as it excludes an amount of $398 million in other income having to do with a gain on the extinguishment of convertible debt.
sometimes, complicated financial reporting is the result of a complicated business. alphabet, for instance, added its own other bets category at the same time it changed its name from google to alphabet to reflect the fact that the company was branching into businesses outside of its core search operations like smart home, autonomous vehicles, and telecommunications. amazon similarly added a separate reporting segment for amazon web services, its cloud computing juggernaut, to show that aws now represents a significant portion of its business. companies often become more complex as they age, and uber, despite its relative youth, has quickly added layers of complexity, acquiring minority stakes in international ridesharing companies like didi, yandex, and grab, and adding complementary businesses like eats, freight, and micromobility. however, some of the complexity simply looks like a way to distract from the weaknesses of the business. the phrase "excess driver incentives" gives the impression this is something of a bonus given to drivers, but the reality is, these are payments to the driver beyond what the customer pays. in the case of uber eats, excess driver incentives distort the underlying performance as the restaurant pays part of the driver's earnings. in the second quarter, for example, excess driver incentives meant that uber eats reported net revenue of $337 million, or 43% lower than its reported revenue of $595 million. in other words, uber eats' adjusted revenue growth, which seems to be a better representation of the food delivery business, grew only 53% instead of the 72% reported without adjustments.
uber's lack of clarity in its financial reporting isn't surprising for a company that has grown as aggressively as it has as well as one that has seen the high-profile ousting of its founder. the sprawling financial reporting is also befitting for a company that doesn't seem to be able to explain its own mission statement.
while there may be a fair explanation for some of uber's confusing reporting, the overall picture bears resemblance to one company whose complexity and opaque financial reporting helped drive its recent collapse: general electric (nyse: ge).
ge's long demise has been well documented. the stock, which was the most valuable in the country only about 20 years ago, has lost 69% of its value over the last three years, it's on its third ceo in as many years, and it has been kicked out of the dow industrials. bloated with debt, the company has been forced to sell several of its businesses, including its biopharma unit, which brought in $21.7 billion, and it recently gave up majority control of baker hughes, the oil services company. ge made a number of mistakes along the way, including taking on too much debt, entering disparate industries like healthcare, aviation, and energy, and banking through ge capital, which nearly brought it to ruin during the financial crisis. but a sore point for ge investors for a long time has been the company's abstruse financial reports and accounting tricks to embellish results, which include a number of adjustments for things like restructuring, revaluations, and insurance reserves, so much that the connection between earnings under generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) and adjusted earnings often seems tenuous at best. the company also separates its industrial segment results from the rest of the business.
massaging earnings this way has also led ge to chase wall street estimates rather than managing its own business for long-term success. the result has been a disaster both for the company and investors as many of the problems it tried so hard to mask have been revealed in recent years, and its lack of transparency has left it exposed to attacks from short-sellers like harry markopolos, who savaged the company last week.
it may be a stretch at this point to draw parallels between uber and ge. one is a century-old industrial conglomerate and the other a transportation start-up entering its next phase, but ge's recent unraveling clearly paints a cautionary tale for companies that become overly reliant on far-flung metrics and overly complex financial reporting. in addition to its confusing metrics, uber, like ge, may also be too comfortable taking on debt as the company shows no signs of profitability, but it just issued a $1.2 billion loan offering to fund its acquisition of careem, a middle eastern ridesharing service, just months after its ipo. for now, uber is flush with cash following its ipo, but the company is already on track to pay $600 million in interest this year, which will make turning a profit even more difficult, and with billions of dollars in annual losses, its current cash pile could disappear quickly.
the transparency in uber's reporting will be tested over the coming quarters as well as the business itself, but investors should demand numbers that accurately reflect the underlying performance of the business, not the results as management wishes they were.
10 stocks we like better than uber technologieswhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and uber technologies wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. suzanne frey, an executive at alphabet, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. jeremy bowman owns shares of amazon. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends alphabet (a and c shares) and amazon. the motley fool recommends uber technologies. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
when you read that something is "a game changer for humanity," or that it will "replace the future," or "is going to change everything," you need to put on your skeptic's hat and ask...
come on, really?
but that's how financial times, zdnet, and forbes have described the coming next-generation wireless network, called 5g.
they're right.
i've been following the emergence of 5g for a few years now, and i can tell you this technology is such a huge leap that it's going to propel society forward. it is going to be the centerpiece of an entire new generation of groundbreaking technologies.
in fact, that's exactly why usa today claims "it has the potential to usher in the fourth industrial revolution -- it's that massive."it's the key driver of what insiders are already calling the "next industrial revolution."
sounds great, right? but how do we know it's going to lead to the biggest economic expansion in american history and build new fortunes?
there have been three industrial revolutions in america over the past 200 years.
and at the heart of each one was a core technology -- a technology so critical, so revolutionary, that it singlehandedly drove all other technologies in the revolution.
why?
a keystone is the central and most important piece in an arch -- one of the strongest structures in the world.
without the keystone, the rest of the structure would crumble and fail.
during the first industrial revolution, the keystone technology was the steam engine. it made the revolution possible. it was the one technology that made everything else -- locomotives, the power loom, cotton gin, and a new generation of state-of-the-art factories -- a reality. take away the steam engine and all these other inventions would have ceased to exist.
the keystone of the second industrial revolution was electrical power. it drove new technologies like assembly lines, the telegraph, the telephone, the light bulb, washing machines, and air conditioning. without electricity, these breakthroughs simply would not have been able to exist.
the third industrial revolution -- the most recent -- never would have happened without the internet. it made so many world-changing breakthroughs possible ... like smartphones, mobile payments, social media, netflix (nasdaq:), amazon (nasdaq:), and alphabet (nasdaq:).
here comes the fourth keystone
massive technological revolutions like these are incredibly rare -- there have only been three in all of america's history. but they are responsible for some of the greatest fortunes the world has ever seen.
think vanderbilt ... rockefeller ... ford ... carnegie ... gate s... jobs ... zuckerberg.
the majority of the world's greatest fortunes have been built on -- or were dependent on -- one of these three critical technologies.
knowing this history is critical because right now, we are at the forefront of the next industrial revolution. and at the heart of it -- just like all the others that came before it -- lies .
5g so big and so powerful that it will singlehandedly drive all other technologies over the next several decades.
make no mistake, 5g technology is going to unleash a new era of prosperity and trigger a massive wave of innovation.
the fourth keystone will not only make each and every one of these amazing technologies possible, but a very real part of our daily lives. it's the one technology that's going to fuel all the technologies of the future ...
investors who get in on this latest keystone technology before it's rolled out on mass scale could not only make an absolute fortune ... but build .
but i think that once you learn more about 5g, you'll certainly agree.
matthew mccall left wall street to actually help investors -- by getting them into the world's biggest, most revolutionary trends before anyone else. the power of being "first" gave matt's readers the chance to bank +2,438% in stamps.com (stmp), +1,523% in ulta beauty (ulta) and +1,044% in tesla (tsla), just to name a few. .
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
apple (nasdaq: aapl) confirmed pricing and availability for apple tv+ and apple arcade last week. both services will cost $5 per month and can be shared within a family, but that's about where the strategic similarities end. apple arcade launches this thursday, while apple tv+ debuts on nov. 1. the company is taking very different approaches with the services, in part because each one is entering dramatically different markets.
apple has reportedly boosted its original content budget for apple tv+ to a whopping $6 billion, significantly more than the $500 million that the tech giant is investing in its mobile gaming service. yet the mac maker is giving away a free year of apple tv+ to customers that buy hardware, while apple arcade has no such promotion. for those not in the market for a new apple device, apple tv+ will have a seven-day free trial, much shorter than apple arcade's one-month free trial.
in other words, apple is willing to forego recouping its much larger investment in apple tv+ content but wants apple arcade subscribers to open their wallets sooner. the disparity all traces back to the company's relative strength in those respective markets.
apple knows it's coming from behind in video streaming, and the service's value proposition won't stack up favorably next to competing services. the streaming wars are only going to get more intensely competitive over the next year. that's why the tech titan needs to get aggressive with pricing, undercutting many rivals but also offering a far smaller catalog of tv shows and movies.
in contrast, apple is a dominant player in mobile gaming, which accounts for an estimated 74% of mobile consumer spending. consumer spending on mobile gaming is now 20% larger than all other gaming formats combined, and ios monetizes at much stronger levels than android. however, many of the business practices in mobile gaming have devolved to what many critics consider to be predatory, particularly as they relate to children.
the mobile gaming industry is now dominated by freemium titles that monetize with in-app purchases and microtransactions, all while displaying an excessive number of ads for other games that monetize with in-app purchases and microtransactions. it's an endless cycle. apple has faced numerous lawsuits from upset parents over enabling such practices, while simultaneously grappling with accusations that its devices are too addictive.
apple arcade hopes to address those pitfalls. none of the included titles will have ads or in-app purchases, and apple arcade has the potential to improve the underlying economics of mobile games while securing exclusive high-quality titles in order to build its services business. unlike apple tv+'s relatively sparse catalog, apple arcade will launch with over 100 titles.
in mobile gaming, apple is coming from a position of strength while offering a compelling value proposition, so it doesn't need to be nearly as aggressive.
10 stocks we like better than apple
when investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and apple wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
*stock advisor returns as of june 1, 2019
evan niu, cfa owns shares of apple. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends apple. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $155 calls on apple and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
how many streaming services will consumers pay for?
that's the question facing comcast's (nasdaq: cmcsa) nbcuniversal with its newly announced peacock service. the yet-to-be-priced streaming network will offer a mix of the company's deep archives along with new content from a variety of creators.
the challenge for comcast is that the company will be joining a space dominated by netflix (nasdaq: nflx), where a hundred million or so amazon prime members get prime video (whether they want it or not), and where walt disney (nyse: dis) will beat it to the punch with its aggressively priced disney+. that soon-to-launch service has an even deeper content library, can be bundled cheaply with hulu and espn+, and has new shows based on top-tier properties star wars, marvel, and pixar.
peacock faces an uphill battle because cord-cutters who dropped cable to save money will balk at some point when it comes to shelling out for yet another service. and, of course, if the launch of this product causes people to cut the cord, well, that hurts comcast as it likely loses more revenue from cable than it gains from the subscription (though without pricing information, that's impossible to know).
comcast is entering a very crowded market. image source: getty images.
the comcast service will launch with one of netflix's most popular shows, the office, as an exclusive to the platform. it will also be the sole streaming home for parks & recreation and offer 30 rock, brooklyn nine-nine, cheers, everybody loves raymond, frasier, saturday night live, will & grace, king of queens, and married with...children on a non-exclusive basis.
those will be joined by new content, including a remake of battlestar galactica from mr. robot creator sam esmail, dr. death starring alec baldwin, jamie dornan, and christian slater, and brave new world with demi moore. peacock will also offer new original comedies involving actors, writers, and producers like jimmy fallon, seth meyers, lorne michaels, mike schur, ed helms, jada pinkett smith, rashida jones, and tracey wigfield.
peacock will also be the home for reboots of punky brewster and saved by the bell. the service will also offer a new season of the recently cancelled a.p. bio and content from dreamworks animation.
there will also be original movies, spanish-language programming, and a variety of reality shows. peacock will launch with 15,000 hours of content at the end of july 2020, around the time of the summer olympics (which nbc has u.s. broadcast rights for).
"the name peacock pays homage to the quality content that audiences have come to expect from nbcuniversal -- whether it's culture-defining dramas from innovative creators like sam esmail, laugh-out-loud comedies from legends like lorne michaels and mike schur, blockbusters from universal pictures, or buzzy unscripted programming from the people who do it best at bravo and e!," said nbcuniversal direct-to-consumer chairman bonnie hammer in a press release. had nbcuniversal launched peacock a few years ago, it might have been a big hit. offering this service for the first time in july 2020 makes the chances for success much smaller. some of the announced shows seem appealing, but would most science fiction fans opt for a service that has a remake of battlestar galactica or the disney one, which offers multiple shows based on star wars along with a number of series set in the marvel cinematic universe?
while it could be argued that peacock will enter the market with the third-strongest content lineup behind netflix and disney, it also may be behind amazon and at&t's hbo. it's hard to see where the consumer demand comes from and the office may be a draw when it's part of your netflix subscription, but there's no telling if people will sign up and pay just to access a show they have already seen.
comcast has to try. however, peacock will face an uphill battle. consumers have a lot of tv choices even if they cut the cord and opt for just a couple of streaming services. many might decide they don't need another one unless peacock can deliver a number of hit originals, and that's very hard to do in a space this crowded.
10 stocks we like better than comcastwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and comcast wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. daniel b. kline has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amazon, netflix, and walt disney. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $60 calls on walt disney and short october 2019 $125 calls on walt disney. the motley fool recommends comcast. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
at&t's (nyse: t) warnermedia, which holds the cable syndication rights to the big bang theory via its subsidiary tbs, recently secured the exclusive domestic streaming rights to the hit comedy. the five-year streaming deal, which includes a renewal of tbs' cable syndication rights through 2028, is reportedly worth over $1 billion.
warnermedia plans to stream the big bang theory exclusively on hbo max, its upcoming streaming bundle that merges hbo's content with warnermedia's shows and movies.
this isn't the first big deal for warnermedia -- hbo recently paid $425 million to pull the streaming rights for friends from netflix (nasdaq: nflx) for the next five years, and signed a $250 million deal with j.j. abrams' bad robot to produce exclusive shows and films.
these megadeals indicate that at&t is getting serious about challenging netflix, walt disney (nyse: dis), apple (nasdaq: aapl), amazon.com (nasdaq: amzn), and others in the streaming race -- but is the big bang theory really worth $1 billion?
at&t's streaming business is currently fragmented across seven main services.
at&t tv now (formerly directv now) streams directv's satellite channels and offers cloud dvr storage, while a contract-only version, called at&t tv, is bundled with internet plans and a set-top box. hbo go streams hbo content for cable subscribers, while its twin, hbo now, doesn't require a cable subscription.
hbo max adds warnermedia content to hbo's lineup, while watchtv streams only warnermedia's cable channels. dc universe, a legacy project from time warner before at&t's takeover, offers dc-themed shows, movies, and digital comics.
the monthly fees for the non-contract services are all over the map, and likely a source of confusion for at&t's salespeople, customers, and investors:
data source: company websites; prices current as of sept. 18, 2019.
none of these services is competitively priced. netflix's standard plan costs $13 per month, disney's upcoming bundle (which includes disney+, hulu, and espn+) also costs $13, apple tv+ will cost $5, and amazon prime video (which is included in prime subscriptions) costs $9 a month on a stand-alone basis.
at&t seems to think that hbo and warnermedia's content is strong enough to justify its higher prices, but that could be tough since netflix, disney, apple, and amazon are all producing dozens of high-budget original shows and movies. that's why it's spending so much money to lock in friends and the big bang theory.
the big bang theory, which ran for 12 seasons, between 2007 and 2019, attracted an average of 17.3 million viewers in its final season and was the most-watched scripted series on tv. that massive audience guarantees that the show's move to hbo max will attract some subscribers.
however, it's still unclear if the big bang theory will have the staying power of comedies like friends and seinfeld. if it does, hbo max will gain another way to lock in viewers alongside shows like game of thrones, friends, and the fresh prince of bel-air. but if it doesn't, at&t might realize that it would have been smarter to spend that cash on original content.
hbo max already announced a beefy lineup of original shows like dune: the sisterhood, a spin-off of the sci-fi classic dune; the nicole kidman-produced crime farm; and the flight attendant, a mystery series starring the big bang theory's kaley cuoco -- but they all face tough, high-budget challengers on rival platforms.
therefore, it arguably makes more sense for warnermedia to produce fresh content instead of buying reruns of popular comedies. amazon, for example, is spending $1 billion to produce five seasons of its upcoming lord of the rings series, and about $7 billion annually on both streaming video and music content.
disney plans to spend $1 billion on original content by 2020, then up to $2 billion by 2024, to expand its marvel, star wars, and other franchises across its streaming platforms. apple plans to spend $6 billion on original content for apple tv+, while netflix is spending about $15 billion annually on licensed and original content.
at&t secured the bulk of hbo and warnermedia's content with its $85 billion takeover of time warner, but it can't grow complacent and expect reruns of popular shows like the big bang theory to help it keep pace with its rivals.
at&t's streaming strategy is still confusing, its platforms aren't competitively priced, and it arguably lacks fresh content that could give it an edge against netflix, amazon, disney, or apple. simply put, many customers are probably seeking out the next stranger things or the boys instead of reruns of friends or the big bang theory.
10 stocks we like better than at&twhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and at&t wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. leo sun owns shares of amazon, apple, at&t, and walt disney. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amazon, apple, netflix, and walt disney. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $60 calls on walt disney, short october 2019 $125 calls on walt disney, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
looking today at week-over-week shares outstanding changes among the universe of etfs covered at etf channel, one standout is the ishares msci acwi etf (symbol: acwi) where we have detected an approximate $89.3 million dollar outflow -- that's a 0.8% decrease week over week (from 146,000,000 to 144,800,000). among the largest underlying components of acwi, in trading today microsoft corporation (symbol: msft) is up about 2.5%, amazon.com inc (symbol: amzn) is up about 0.7%, and johnson & johnson (symbol: jnj) is up by about 0.4%. for a complete list of holdings, visit the acwi holdings page " the chart below shows the one year price performance of acwi, versus its 200 day moving average:
 looking at the chart above, acwi's low point in its 52 week range is $61.01 per share, with $75.06 as the 52 week high point -- that compares with a last trade of $74.73. comparing the most recent share price to the 200 day moving average can also be a useful technical analysis technique -- learn more about the 200 day moving average ".
 exchange traded funds (etfs) trade just like stocks, but instead of ''shares'' investors are actually buying and selling ''units''. these ''units'' can be traded back and forth just like stocks, but can also be created or destroyed to accommodate investor demand. each week we monitor the week-over-week change in shares outstanding data, to keep a lookout for those etfs experiencing notable inflows (many new units created) or outflows (many old units destroyed). creation of new units will mean the underlying holdings of the etf need to be purchased, while destruction of units involves selling underlying holdings, so large flows can also impact the individual components held within etfs.
click here to find out which 9 other etfs experienced notable outflows "
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
mercadolibre (nasdaq: meli) has often been labeled the "ebay of latin america," and rightfully so, as it's built a dominant online marketplace ecosystem, which also includes a fast-growing mobile payments platform. the latin american e-commerce company serves nearly 300 million users in the region and is growing fast. amazon.com (nasdaq: amzn) doesn't need an introduction, considering that 51% of u.s. households will be amazon prime members by the end of 2019, according to emarketer.
both stocks have delivered huge gains for investors and should continue to hit new highs over the long term, but we'll compare them to see which one will likely perform the best in the next few years.
mercadolibre is emerging as a force to reckon with in the fintech space. the mercadopago payments business reached $6.5 billion in total payment volume (tpv) last quarter, representing a year-over-year growth rate of 90% in local currency. the most impressive thing about this growth is that off-marketplace payment volume is now nearly half of tpv, and it is growing much faster -- at 198% year over year last quarter.
the fast growth of mercado's payments segment has lit a fire underneath the company, with companywide revenue growth adjusted for currency changes accelerating to 102% in the most recent quarter. investors are very bullish on the prospects of mercadopago, which is why the stock has soared 78% over the last year.
amazon isn't growing nearly as fast, with currency-neutral revenue growth decelerating from 30% in q3 2018 to 21% in the most recent quarter. that's still very impressive when we consider that amazon generated a massive $252 billion in sales on a trailing-12-month basis. the deceleration in revenue growth hasn't stopped investors from buying the stock, as the share price is up 23% year to date and is currently within striking distance of a new all-time high.
why are investors still bullish on amazon? the momentum of amazon web services (aws) in the infrastructure-as-a-service cloud market seems to be the driving force behind the climb of amazon's stock price. last quarter, aws saw revenue surge 37% year over year as organizations continue to migrate their data systems over to the cloud. most importantly, aws generated two-thirds of the company's operating income in the second quarter, which has significantly improved the company's profitability.
on the other side, mercadolibre's payments business is not providing the same contribution to its profit as amazon is experiencing with aws. the growth of mercadopago has required tremendous investment. operating expenses have climbed significantly in the last few years while management invests to support the growth in its fintech services and attract more users to its platform.
mercadolibre managed to flip the year-ago loss of $11.5 million to a small profit of $16.2 million in the second quarter, but the lack of profitability in the short term leaves the stock trading at an astronomical trailing p/e of 2,993. even when we consider analysts' earnings estimates for 2020, the valuation still looks high at a forward p/e of 298. mercadolibre's investments should eventually pay off with higher profits down the road, but that's a high price to pay relative to amazon right now.
mercadolibre's nosebleed p/e makes amazon's high valuation look like a bargain, with the tech titan trading at a trailing p/e of 76. amazon also looks more attractive based on the price-to-sales metric, trading at 3.62 times sales compared to mercadolibre's price-to-sales ratio of 15.77.
a few other items that tilt the scales in favor of amazon, in my opinion, are the concentration risk of mercadolibre operating in only one area of the world -- latin america -- whereas amazon operates in many countries around the world. mercado's largest geographies by sales -- brazil, argentina, and mexico -- have more volatile economies than amazon's strongholds like the u.s. and europe. because of this, amazon might be the safer stock to own if the global economy suddenly sank into a recession.
looking out over decades, i think both are great growth stocks to consider. mercadolibre could certainly grow into its high valuation, because latin america is the fastest-growing e-commerce market in the world, and the company still has a relatively low penetration of the 644 million people who live in the region. but it's interesting that despite the tremendous momentum the company is experiencing, the stock is down since the last earnings report. that could be a sign that much of the near-term growth is already priced into the valuation right now.
but amazon still offers plenty of growth potential, too. its 21% growth last quarter is nothing to sneeze at for a company of its size. and while aws is facing heightened competition from other cloud providers, it's still growing fast and turning the once-unprofitable online retailer into a cash machine.
all in all, i believe amazon is the better buy for investors today.
10 stocks we like better than amazonwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and amazon wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. john ballard owns shares of amazon. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amazon and mercadolibre. the motley fool has the following options: short october 2019 $37 calls on ebay and long january 2021 $18 calls on ebay. the motley fool recommends ebay. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
one of the reasons amazon.com (nasdaq: amzn) has been so successful disrupting retail is that few retailers had any lasting loyalty from consumers. target (nyse: tgt) and walmart (nyse: wmt) were convenient, and shoppers may have had preferences between the two, but there wasn't a loyalty program or ecosystem of offerings that made a retailer "sticky" for consumers. target is trying to change that with a variety of new offerings. there's the loyalty program called target circle, which has been added to drive up, the target red card, and an app that allows for shopping online and discounts in-store. together, they may make target as sticky a brick-and-mortar retailer as amazon's prime has been in e-commerce. amazon has built loyalty with customers using prime as a big, sweeping program that brings fast shipping, streaming tv, free photo storage, and more under one umbrella. target is trying to build loyalty with a number of different packages that are built around the store. target circle is the company's new loyalty program that earns customers 1% savings on purchases at target, plus regular coupon deals in the target app and a 5% off shopping trip on your birthday. the program will launch oct. 6, and target hopes it'll help the company to engage more with consumers. the red card has long been a big selling point for target regulars, bringing 5% savings on every purchase. the card will automatically enroll users in target circle, but it's a big selling point for going to target stores if you have a card. another great addition for customer loyalty has been drive up, which allows you to order online and simply pull into a designated parking spot at a target store and have your order delivered to your car. for consumers on the go or parents who don't want the hassle of bringing the kids into the store, this is a big benefit. and there's only a short wait until your order is ready, not two days to get items shipped. target is trying to make shopping at its stores easier, and target circle, red card, and drive up are big reasons to be frequent users. but there could be more features on the way given the company's move to sending products to people's homes from its stores. a glaring piece missing from the loyalty programs is fast delivery from the newly acquired shipt. the company will deliver orders to your door in as little as an hour, but it's somewhat separate from target's regular offerings today. there's a $14 per month or $99 per year membership fee on top of the slightly higher costs associated with shipt goods. but if convenience is of value, it's a great service. target could use shipt as another value item in its services to customers. it could make people consider target instead of getting items shipped from amazon, just for the sheer speed. but the membership fee is steep if it's only used once or twice a month, so pricing will be key in a wider rollout. target seems to have found a strategy that's working in growing the retail business slowly but surely. it's not taking on amazon in its home turf on the internet; instead, it's leveraging stores and loyalty programs to keep customers coming back again and again, even if they don't set foot inside a store. as far as big-box retailers go, this seems to be one with a good strategy to maintain its current business while slowly expanding with more offerings that add incremental value for customers. 10 stocks we like better than targetwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and target wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. travis hoium has no position in any of the stocks mentioned and has a family member who works at amazon. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amazon. the motley fool has a disclosure policy. the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
recent growth initiatives appear to be bearing fruit at kroger (nyse: kr), the nation's largest traditional food retailer, where management has made several moves surrounding e-commerce to defend and increase market share. the highly competitive grocery industry has been engaged in a battle for online shoppers in the post-amazon.com (nasdaq: amzn) world, and as walmart (nyse: wmt), target (nyse: tgt), costco (nasdaq: cost), and their retail peers make critical investments in their digital businesses, kroger is putting up a commendable fight by expanding its online footprint on multiple fronts.
kroger, which operates more than 2,700 stores across 35 states under names including ralph's, food 4 less, and harris teeter, caught the attention of investors last week when it reported its second-quarter results. identical-store sales increased by 2.2% following three straight quarters of declines, surpassing the 2% mark for the first time since 2016. adjusted eps of $0.44 beat the factset consensus estimate of $0.41. the results could be partly attributed to higher-than-expected inflation, private-label expansion, and store renovations, but digital sales growth of 31% was perhaps the most compelling data point.
during the quarter, kroger expanded its pickup and delivery service locations to 1,780 and 2,225, respectively. this digital footprint now covers 95% of kroger households, with that number expected to hit 100% by year's end.
the grocery industry is experiencing a major fundamental shift, with an increasing focus on online shopping and the use of technology to expand digital growth opportunities. kroger is no stranger to employing technology to drive sales results; the company is considered an industry-leading innovator, with a successful track record of using big-data analytics to offer popular promotions and fill its shelves with the products customers want.
its customer-analytics platform is the powerful engine behind its surging online sales. kroger's e-commerce sales rose by 49%, 90%, and 58% in fiscal 2016, 2017, and 2018 respectively and are on pace for another year of stellar growth. the company's 84.51 technology, named after the geographic coordinates of its cincinnati headquarters, delivered a billion digital coupons to customers in calendar 2018.
in conjunction with last week's earnings report, kroger also announced dallas as the site of its latest high-tech fulfillment center. through its strategic partnership with ocado, a dedicated online grocery retailer, the company is attacking the online grocery trend by building up to 20 automated warehouses around the country. the 350,000-square-foot dallas facility, which includes digital and robotic capabilities, is the company's fifth such warehouse designed to bring fresh food to customers faster than ever before. in the cutthroat, rapidly evolving online grocery field, kroger's ocado centers may be game-changers.
margins are notoriously slim in the supermarket business. kroger's net profit margin is akin to skim milk at about 1.5%. but that hasn't stopped management from finding ways to grow by staying ahead of consumer trends with digital investments and new product line extensions.
the company's simple truth brand reached $2.3 billion in sales last year, making it the nation's leading brand in the natural and organic category by volume. sales of private-label brands, which comprise approximately 30% of overall kroger sales, are growing faster than those of national brands. kroger expanded its lineup of privately owned goods in the second quarter with the launch of 203 new brands. a "restock kroger" initiative geared toward its private-label own brands division posted 3.1% sales growth, a record for the second quarter. and in response to beefed-up demand for plant-based meat substitutes, kroger recently unveiled simple truth plant-based, which includes 100% plant-based burgers and other non-meat-based foods.
kroger's share price has moved higher over the past couple of months, but it remains well off its december 2015 all-time high of $42.75. the stock appears cheap at 13 times forward earnings, slightly below its five-year average multiple of 15.
this discounted valuation may be warranted, given kroger's modest growth profile relative to peers like walmart and target, which recently posted same-store sales growth of 2.8% and 3.4% respectively. nevertheless, the grocery industry veteran is worthy of consideration as a defensive investment for the long-term value investor. a deterioration in the geopolitical or economic landscape could make the stock a recession-friendly pick as consumers potentially shift spending from restaurants to at-home cooking.
while competitive and macroeconomic challenges remain, in building out its e-commerce and private-label capabilities, kroger appears to be heading down the right aisle. more details regarding the company's progress are expected at its november investor day.
10 stocks we like better than krogerwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and kroger wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. andrew murtha has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amazon. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $180 calls on costco wholesale and long january 2020 $115 calls on costco wholesale. the motley fool recommends costco wholesale. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
canadian e-commerce company shopify (nyse:) took another hit yesterday, with shop stock closing down 2.7%. that follows a steep drop earlier in september after the company announced the acquisition of a warehouse robotics company, and another 5.1% drop last friday. since its peak of $406.99 near the end of august, high-flying shop has dropped to $328.82 -- a decline of 19% in just three weeks.
 is the bubble bursting on shopify stock, or does the recent beating the company has taken make it an attractive target for long-term investors? here's a look at what has happened over the past three weeks that has had investors souring on shop.
"shopify is taking on fulfillment the same way we've approached other commerce challenges, by bringing together the best technology to help everyone compete ... with 6 river systems, we will bring technology and operational efficiencies to companies of all sizes around the world."
the purchase of the company that specializes in robotic warehouse fulfillment solutions signaled that shopify was better positioning itself to take on amazon (nasdaq:). the move bolsters shopify's logistics capabilities, and gives member merchants access to cheaper and more effective shipping and warehousing services. in addition, with the acquisition, shopify also lands the founders of 6 river systems. the executives who had previously helped to develop amazon's robotic fulfillment systems bring valuable knowledge and experience to the company.
shop stock dropped on the news of the 6 river system acquisition, taking a 6% hit. there was a recovery over the next several days as investors mulled the long-term implications of the deal, but that was short-lived.
on sept. 16, shopify announced the pricing of 1.9 million class a subordinate voting shares. at $317.50 each, shop says the net proceeds of the offering are expected to be just over $603 million. , the company says it "expects to use the net proceeds from the offering to strengthen its balance sheet, providing flexibility to fund its growth strategies." the market wasn't thrilled with the news, sending shopify stock down 2.7% on tuesday.
after three weeks of turmoil and a 19% decline in value, shop stock is now cheaper than it has been in a month. given the spectacular growth rates seen year-to-date (at least until september), does this make it a buy? or is the bubble bursting on this canadian company?
two investorplace contributors have recent thoughts on the situation, with mixed takes. james brumley thinks and the company is well-positioned for even faster growth. meanwhile, josh enomoto has concerns that the sales numbers being generated by most merchants using the shopify platform are less impressive than they sound. he also worries many of these small merchants are at risk should we hit a recession. the vulnerability of the small players that make up so much of shopify's user base means the sustainability of shop's meteoric growth is questionable.
analysts polled by the wall street journal also seem somewhat split on shop stock, with 11 of 27 currently recommending it as a "buy" and 11 having it as a "hold," although only one is suggesting clients sell their shop holdings. with a 12-month average price target of $368.43 they seem to feel shopify stock still has significant upside. although the past three weeks have shown you can expect to see a little turbulence before it gets there. as of this writing, brad moon did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
there's no denying roku's (nasdaq: roku) success in the ad-supported streaming market. the company, which specializes in streaming-media players and digital advertising, has gained more than 325% this year alone. roku's pivot a couple of years back to focus on advertising was a stroke of genius and is now the most profitable segment of its business. it also made the company a must-own tech stock for 2019.
some investors abandoned ship on wednesday when cable giant comcast (nasdaq: cmcsa) announced it would make streaming boxes available for free to its broadband customers -- a move that could put it directly on a collision course with roku -- and driving the streaming-pioneer's stock down more than 14%.
comcast said in a press release that it would provide one free xfinity flex set-top box at no cost to subscribers of xfinity internet, which will give users access to more than 10,000 free movies and television shows while providing an easy way to access their premium streaming subscriptions from netflix (nasdaq: nflx), amazon.com's (nasdaq: amzn) prime video, hbo, and showtime. flex also gives customers a way to rent or purchase digital copies of their favorite shows and movies and provides access to their streaming-music choices like pandora, iheartradio and xite. other benefits of the flex service include access to available 4k ultra high definition (hd), from ad-free shows and movies to subscription streaming. additionally, customers can use comcast's voice-activated remote control to search for programs across the platform by simply using voice commands like "weather" or "watch game of thrones" into the remote.
comcast estimates that this will benefit millions of new and existing customers, giving them the ability to easily access all of their favorite streaming content.
this isn't the first whiff of competition that has come roku's way in recent weeks. at the ifa 2019 consumer electronics fair in berlin, amazon debuted more than 20 new fire tv edition devices. this is a major expansion of the fire tv ecosystem and its first major expansion in europe. amazon introduced the next-generation fire tv cube and a fire tv edition soundbar and is partnering with a number of major manufacturers on fire tv edition smart tvs.
this news came at the same time roku announced a licensing agreement to debut the first roku tv in the united kingdom, courtesy of hisense. the licensing of its smart tv operating system (os) has been a key part of roku's strategy to increase the number of active users on its platform -- and signaled the company's aspirations to continue that success in europe.
earlier this month, some roku investors decided to move to the sidelines after apple (nasdaq: aapl) announced that its apple tv+ streaming service would be priced at just $4.99, about half the price that many expected and free for a year to customers who purchase an apple device. this illustrates a basic misunderstanding on the part of roku shareholders, as the apple tv app will be available on roku devices, so it doesn't represent a threat. to understand how comcast's move will impact roku, it's important to look back at its recent results. roku grew revenue by 59% year over year in the most recent quarter, but the star of the show was its platform segment, which increased 86% as the result of increased advertising, a cut of subscriptions made via the platform, and licensing from its os. active accounts grew to 30.5 million, up 39% compared to the prior-year quarter. roku has been leveraging its user base to gradually increase the amount of advertising it shows across its platform, which accounts for much of its surging growth.
comcast's move to give away set-top boxes for free to its broadband customers could potentially eat into roku's account growth and stunt its future platform revenue. in the second quarter, comcast reported about 24.4 million residential broadband and 22.1 million cable tv customers. about 19 million comcast customers subscribe to two or more of the company's services, so there's a considerable amount of overlap -- meaning there will likely only be a few million potential users of the new flex box.
investors' knee-jerk reactions notwithstanding, this is clearly a move by comcast to tap into roku's most profitable business. by offering free programming (read "ad-supported"), the company hopes to increase its own advertising revenue by siphoning off some of roku's current and potential customers. in its most recent quarter, roku said that 1 in 3 smart tvs sold in the u.s. contained the roku os, giving the company a substantial base of user devices.
the most likely outcome of comcast's move is that ad-supported customers will follow the same path as those who pay for streaming video -- many get their entertainment from multiple providers.
all things considered, i don't think roku has much to worry about.
10 stocks we like better than comcastwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and comcast wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. danny vena owns shares of amazon, apple, netflix, and roku and has the following options: long january 2021 $190 calls on apple and short january 2021 $195 calls on apple. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amazon, apple, netflix, and roku. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool recommends comcast. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
apple (nasdaq:) is still arguably the best company on the planet. they have accomplished amazing things in spite of a lot of criticism of tim cook's leadership. i personally don't believe that he's the best person for the job, but that doesn't stop me from betting bullish on the apple stock every chance i get.
 in early june, i wrote about an opportunity to go long aapl and it delivered a 20% rally and $30 per share upside. and more recently i was lucky to profit from smaller rallies. so check emotions at the door and let charts and fundamentals be the guides for the aapl stock.
the outcome of this week's market action is binary because of today's fed decision on rates. this also will also temporarily affect the aapl but eventually the fundamentals will retake the reins. the fed won't change aapl's 2019 thesis.
fundamentally, it is easy to argue for owning aapl stock. wall street systemically undervalues it. aapl sells at 19 trailing p/e ratio which is about four times smaller than amazon (nasdaq:) and 40% cheaper than facebook (nasdaq:).
however, this alone is not reason to expect higher prices because short of a miracle, investors will continue to undervalue the apple stock. but technically there is reason to expect much higher prices soon. it is on a path to reaching $245 per share. this would be a natural extension from its rally that started last christmas.
off last year's correction, aapl stock rallied 50%. then it gave back almost half it in the april correction -- but this is normal price action. bullish waves usually unfold in three pushes. first, the aapl buyers took it until they hit resistance at $213 per share. then, they corrected a bit and bounced off of the point of control of $172 per share. the third push, which is ongoing now should extend above $240 per share. there will be resistance at its last failing point at $226 per share.
this is all to say that if i am long apple stock, i stay long for at least another $15 upside opportunity from here. long term, if the stock market is higher in the future than so is apple. this is a money-making machine that will take more than an underwhelming ceo to break it.
the apple stock rally still has legs for many years to come. they are becoming less dependent on one product; the iphone is no longer the only headline that investors focus on. the services portion of the apple revenues is now gaining momentum. these are recurring revenues that make the company p&l less dependent on a single item release and updates. yes, the iphone is still important but much less so than a year ago. apple is finally adapting to the new way of doing business via subscription models rather than hardware pushes.
short term, there is a gap above in aapl to $223 per share from the silly goldman sachs headline from last week. but conversely, if aapl stock loses $217 per share, it could fall to fill the gap at $208 per share. the good news is that even if this happens, there is plenty of support there to keep it above $200 a share.
today's fed announcement might cause volatility, but my personal overall market thesis is that we will make new all-time highs soon. i expect fireworks this week, but if we dip there will be buyers to pick the pieces up and run higher. i still believe that there are too many bears who are too comfortable being short when markets are at all-time highs and when the global central banks are dedicated to inflating the economies.
they say do not fight the fed and do not fight the tape. so i don't see the reason to short stocks when both of these are true. so when we make new highs it will be a big bang where we will move a hundred points in the s&p 500 quickly. because when the last stops trigger, buying will beget buying and i want to be long apple stock into that event.
nicolas chahine is the managing director of . as of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. join his live chat room for free here.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
by benjamin rains
apple aapl is once again a $1 trillion company, joining microsoft msft, with shares up 8% in the past month. the tech giant's shares have also jumped over 5% this week as wall street seems pleased with apple's latest round of iphones and its streaming tv plans.
apple unveiled its newest iphones at its now customary pre-holiday shopping season event on tuesday, led by ceo tim cook and other top executives. the firm showed off three new iphones, under the new 11 branding.
the smartphones feature apple's somewhat standard updates, which include better battery life and faster processors. what separates the two new higher-priced smartphones (iphone 11 pro & 11 pro max: starting at $999) from their less expensive peer (iphone 11: starting at $699), is a triple-camera system. apple also dropped the price of last year's iphone xr by 20% ($599), with the iphone 8 starting at $449.
consumers might be more prone to buy the higher-end iphone 11s because the price points roughly match last year's new high-end models--after years of rising prices. perhaps more importantly, the new iphone 11 base model is actually $50 cheaper than last year's comparable offering. clearly, apple wants to give consumers every reason possible to upgrade to new phones after a year of poor iphone sales, especially since there is nothing earth-shattering about the new phones.
apple tv+ & services wall street, investors, and apple fans have waited for more details on apple's foray into the streaming tv world for months. they now have all they can hope for until they get to use the streaming service for the first time on november 1--disney+ debuts on nov. 12. anyone who buys a new iphone, ipad, mac, or other qualifying devices will get a year worth of apple tv+ for free. the service will otherwise cost $4.99 per month, after a seven-day free trial and be available on the apple tv app.
apple's streaming tv offering is clearly priced to move, as it comes in well below hbo go's t $14.99 per month, netflix's nflx $15.99 premium plan, amazon amzn prime's $12.99--which comes with shipping perks--and disney+ at $6.99. aside from trying not to force users into a decision between apple+ or netflix, the price-point represents how little content will be available at launch.
apple tv+ will feature roughly 10 shows at launch, including a fictional space race-era show called for all mankind, a show starring jennifer aniston, reese witherspoon, and steve carell titled the morning show, and post-apocalyptic drama see. apple will then slowly build up its library of shows, which is set to feature more a-list hollywood stars both in front of and behind the camera. the iphone maker is also likely viewing apple tv+ as a kind of loss-leader for now, since it reportedly spent roughly $15 million an episode to make see.
apple is making a long-term play to convert more of its roughly 1 billion hardware users into services customers. this business, which includes its app store, spotify spot challenger apple music, a monthly magazine-heavy news service, and an apple credit card, will also soon feature apple arcade. the company's big push into the video game world will feature access to roughly 100 titles for $4.99 per month and launch on september 19. apple hopes to grab a piece of the $68.5 billion global mobile game market.
the ongoing u.s. and china trade war spooked some apple investors early, but cook has been in constant contact with president trump and its biggest products have remained untouched. plus, the last few days have seen both china and the u.s. slightly change their tunes as the two sides prepare to meet once again in a few weeks.
apple's iphone sales did slip in each of the last three quarters, as did the firm's greater china revenue. the company has found it harder to sell its higher-priced smartphones in a market with so many less expensive options available.
meanwhile, iphone sales slipped on the back of hard to compare periods, which means a 2020 turn around could be in store. in fact, apple's sales popped 1% last quarter (q3 fiscal 2019) after revenue slipped 5.1% in q2 and 4.5% in q1. q4 outlook & beyond looking ahead, apple's fourth-quarter 2019 revenue is projected to slip 0.56% from the year-ago period to $62.55 billion, based on our zacks consensus estimates. this, however, comes against q4 2018's 20% top-line expansion. overall, aapl's full-year fiscal 2019 revenue is projected to dip 2.7% to reach $258.28 billion.
apple's first quarter 2020 revenue, which includes the key holiday shopping period, is expected to jump 1.5% to $85.54 billion. peeking further ahead, aapl's fiscal 2020 revenue is projected to climb 3.8% above our 2019 estimate to touch $268.01 billion and top 2018's figure.
at the bottom end of the income statement, apple is expected to see its q4 earnings sink 2.75%, with full-year 2019's eps figure set to fall 1.85%. then, apple's q1 2020 earnings are projected to surge 6.2% over the prior-year quarter, with full-year 2020 expected to come in 11.5% above our 2019 estimates.
along with apple's strong 2020 growth outlook, the firm has seen its earnings estimate revision picture trend heavily upward recently, especially for q4 and fiscal 2019. aapl is a zacks rank #3 (hold) at the moment that sports an "a" grade for momentum in our style scores system.
we can see that apple has traded at a higher forward price/sales ratio over the last year (4.2 vs. current 3.8). more importantly, apple is the only of the so-called faang stocks that pays a dividend. the company's current annualized dividend is $3.08 per share, for a 1.38% yield. this compares relatively favorably to the 10-year u.s. treasury note's 1.7%.
apple also has over $200 billion in cash on hand, which means it is likely to continue its massive buyback program. therefore, investors should consider aapl stock as a safe-haven investment, amid our current market uncertainty, with the added potential for big gains.
breakout biotech stocks with triple-digit profit potential
the biotech sector is projected to surge beyond $775 billion by 2024 as scientists develop treatments for thousands of diseases. they're also finding ways to edit the human genome to literally erase our vulnerability to these diseases.
zacks has just released century of biology: 7 biotech stocks to buy right now to help investors profit from 7 stocks poised for outperformance. our recent biotech recommendations have produced gains of +98%, +119% and +164% in as little as 1 month. the stocks in this report could perform even better.see these 7 breakthrough stocks now>>
want the latest recommendations from zacks investment research? today, you can download 7 best stocks for the next 30 days. click to get this free report
 amazon.com, inc. (amzn): free stock analysis report
 netflix, inc. (nflx): free stock analysis report
 at&t inc. (t): free stock analysis report
 apple inc. (aapl): free stock analysis report
 microsoft corporation (msft): free stock analysis report
 spotify technology sa (spot): free stock analysis report
 to read this article on zacks.com click here.
 zacks investment research
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
sitcoms -- especially those that have stood the test of time -- have become hot properties in recent years, as streaming services look to reinforce their original programs with shows that will keep viewers binge-watching while they wait for the next big original content release.
earning the label of "known quantity" has made a number of these shows must-have properties, especially as a group of soon-to-debut streaming services looks to take on the incumbents.
with that in mind, here are three tantalizing developments in the streaming space from this past week.
nbcuniversal, a division of comcast (nasdaq: cmcsa), announced the name of its upcoming streaming service and gave an estimate of when it will debut. the offering -- which has been dubbed peacock -- will launch in april 2020. the name is a nod to the broadcast network's iconic logo.
earlier this year, nbc revealed that it had signed a deal for the office, a hit show that ran nine years on the broadcast network. the program, which currently appears on netflix (nasdaq: nflx), will be the centerpiece of peacock's offering when it returns to nbcuniversal in 2021. reports suggest the company paid a whopping $500 million, outbidding netflix, disney-controlled hulu, and amazon to secure the rights to the fan-favorite program.
peacock plans to stand out in the crowded field with a heady mix of original programming, news, sports, late-night, and reality shows. the streaming service will also offer a host of popular programs including 30 rock, bates motel, brooklyn nine-nine, cheers, and will and grace, among others. it will also feature box-office hits from nbc's universal pictures division and spanish-language programming from telemundo.
there was much wailing and gnashing of teeth among netflix investors when the company recently lost the streaming rights to two of its most popular series. after it ceded the office and friends to the competition, many were concerned that with the loss of these two headliners, netflix subscribers would have no choice but to spend their streaming dollars elsewhere.
however, armed with billions of dollars for content and algorithms to guide its choices, netflix has struck back. the tech giant reached a five-year deal with sony -- reportedly worth more than $500 million -- to nab all 180 episodes of seinfeld for its 151 million viewers around the world, beginning in 2021.
this illustrates just how savvy netflix is when it comes to programming. the company secured a global streaming rights deal, while the agreements for the office and friends for nbcuniversal and at&t's (nyse: t) hbo max, respectively, only covered domestic streaming -- giving netflix much more bang for its buck. and speaking of bang...
the big bang theory is moving to hbo max. image source: cbs.
hbo max scored another coup, this time winning the u.s. streaming rights to the big bang theory. all 279 episodes will appear on the service when it launches in spring of 2020. while the terms of the agreement were not officially released, it was called an "easily record-setting five year deal" by the hollywood reporter, part of a "multi-billion dollar" agreement that included syndication rights to keep the show on warnermedia's tbs network -- also part of at&t.
the comedy has become a global phenomenon since its debut in 2007. in its 12-year tenure on cbs, it became the longest-running multicamera comedy series, stealing the crown from cheers. it was also cbs's no. 1 scripted half-hour show among the important 18-to-49 demographic.
the addition of the big bang theory and friends has netted hbo max two of the most-watched sitcoms of the past two decades.
10 stocks we like better than at&twhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and at&t wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. danny vena owns shares of amazon, netflix, and walt disney and has the following options: long january 2021 $85 calls on walt disney. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amazon, netflix, and walt disney. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $60 calls on walt disney and short october 2019 $125 calls on walt disney. the motley fool recommends comcast. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
shares of roku (nasdaq: roku) tanked today, closing down nearly 14%, after telecommunications conglomerate comcast (nasdaq: cmcsa) announced that it will be giving away xfinity flex set-top boxes to subscribers. the kicker: internet-only customers will be eligible for the free hardware. instead of only providing devices for cable tv subscribers, comcast is trying to appeal to cord-cutters. the first device is free, and customers can get a second one for $5 per month.
internet-only customers can now get a free streaming media player. image source: comcast.
it's common practice for cable operators to provide set-top boxes, but historically they were only offered to video subscribers. in no uncertain terms, comcast is taking a shot at competing over-the-top (ott) platforms, as xfinity flex will include all of the most popular video-streaming apps, including netflix, at&t's hbo, and amazon prime video, among many others.
the devices will support 4k streaming, have integrated search across services, offer free content, and potentially simplify a customer's hardware setup. comcast wants to sell a la carte content and premium channel subscriptions through xfinity flex. if that all sounds exactly like what roku offers, well, that's because it is.
additionally, only customers that lease an xfi gateway are eligible for xfinity flex, meaning that comcast is also looking to support its lucrative hardware leasing business. customers can often save money by buying some of their equipment instead of leasing it.
when you look at comcast's subscriber metrics, it should come as no surprise that internet customers continue to march higher as cord-cutting takes its toll on video subscribers. over the past two years, the company has added nearly 2.3 million internet customers while shedding approximately 750,000 video subscribers.
roku has been one of the greatest beneficiaries of cord-cutting, capitalizing on the secular trend toward ott video streaming that has been pressuring traditional cable operators for years. with the streaming wars set to intensify significantly over the next six to 12 months, roku is positioned as an agnostic tech platform and will benefit from the broader growth in video streaming.
for the past couple of years, roku has adopted a strategy of selling its hardware at razor-thin margins in order to grow active accounts that in turn boost platform revenue. third-party tv manufacturers that license roku os have also contributed to user acquisition. comcast's incursion into ott threatens to derail that momentum.
"if you take a step back, there is significant competition and change in the ecosystem right now," comcast ceo brian roberts said on the last earnings call. "but that said, for years, we felt that video over the internet is more friend than foe."
10 stocks we like better than rokuwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and roku wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. evan niu, cfa owns shares of amzn and nflx. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amzn, nflx, and roku. the motley fool recommends comcast. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
for over a year now, i've looked at netflix (nasdaq: nflx) and its steep stock pullbacks multiple times, but i just haven't been able to bring myself to buy in.
it isn't the high valuation that's kept me away (even though the company sports a forward price-to-earnings ratio of 52), nor the torrid growth of expenses to stock up on and create content (a negative free cash flow of $594 million in the second quarter of 2019 alone). what's kept me from buying the dip is the history of the "early mover" business model -- and the inevitable shakeout that ensues when peers that were disrupted by the early mover strike back.
data by ycharts.
early movers and their shareholders often front the bill for new technology by testing and proving the efficacy of a new business model. i recently came across a rant from an early smart-home adopter furious that alphabet's google was unifying its device ecosystem, making support for some of its peers' smart-home devices a real headache. frustrating? you bet! but it's unfortunately what happens to early adopters of new tech. those quick to take up new ideas often get "guinea-pigged" and stuck with some of the bill for later mass adoption.
investors in new technology and business models are familiar with this, too. innovating companies need cash, and they often turn to selling stock and burning up the cash raised for a later payoff. sometimes this plays out in grandiose style, as with netflix and its massive returns since its initial public offering in 2002. amazon's early entrance into cloud computing, in the early 2000s, has also yielded huge sums of wealth for shareholders. other times, though, the payoff isn't quite the same: later businesses enter and disrupt the disruptors with more refined offerings, once the initial concept has had the kinks worked out. here are a few historical examples.
other examples abound, including the smartphone market, the current disruption in the cybersecurity space, and the responses of retailers like walmart and target to amazon. these examples might not be perfect analogies to the world of streaming, but they still illustrate the cycle of new business models and innovation.
with netflix pulling in millions of new subscribers -- mostly internationally at this point -- it's become clear that streaming tv is the future, and there's plenty of growth to be had. early netflix investors have been rewarded handsomely, but we are entering a period when the industry will go from essentially a few options to many, and the competitive landscape will be reshaped.
it could be easy to write off the mounting competition and say netflix will be fine, because it has enjoyed such a big head start in the world of streaming tv. but periods of industry transition like this can be bumpy, and the new entrants that netflix is fending off aren't start-ups. disney (nyse: dis) owns arguably some of the most recognizable and popular franchises ever, and while disney+ will only debut in three countries in november, it will roll out to other major markets over the next two years and will be bundled with hulu and espn+. apple tv+ is debuting in 100 countries right out of the gate in november. and comcast's (nasdaq: cmcsa) nbcuniversal streaming service could be a serious contender next year, with comcast controlling a significant presence in europe thanks to its sky acquisition last year. it's not even the competitive price tags on these other competing services: there are only so many hours in a day for consumers to be entertained and so much money in their monthly budgets for streaming subscriptions.
don't get me wrong, i'm not predicting the death of netflix -- or even that it will lose its leadership role in the streaming tv industry anytime soon. i'm just not ready to invest until the shakeout starts to take shape. at the very least, netflix no longer seems to have a real competitive advantage (as it obviously did over cable).
the company is still priced as if it's a cutting-edge pioneer and innovator -- the only game in town. the business model is starting to mature, and i'm not seeing enough innovation at netflix (creating original content is something everyone is pursuing) for me to get really excited right now. and the current valuation seems based on an assumption that netflix will continue as the only game in town for quite some time.
that's why i'm staying away from this stock and plan to do so until some of the heavy-hitting competing services come out and have some operating history under their belts. it's been an incredible run for netflix, but a breather -- at least a couple of years' worth -- is certainly in the cards.
10 stocks we like better than netflixwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and netflix wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. suzanne frey, an executive at alphabet, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. nicholas rossolillo owns shares of alphabet (c shares), apple, comcast, fitbit, verizon communications, and walt disney. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends alphabet (a shares), alphabet (c shares), amazon, apple, fitbit, netflix, and walt disney. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $60 calls on walt disney, short october 2019 $125 calls on walt disney, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool recommends comcast and verizon communications. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
"we look at amazon (nasdaq: amzn) as a wonderful company and service and they're a good customer of ours," fedex (nyse: fdx) ceo fred smith said in december of last year. "we don't see them as a peer competitor at this point in time." the notion that fedex could be disrupted was "fantastical," smith added.
that was despite amazon's aggressive, yearslong expansion of its in-house delivery and logistics operations, amazon air. slowly but surely, fedex has started to acknowledge the growing threat that amazon air represents. fedex reported fiscal first-quarter earnings last night. on the subsequent conference call to discuss the results, smith finally conceded that he thinks about the amazon threat every day.
remember that fedex said in june that it was not renewing its contract with amazon for fedex express, the expedited shipping service that uses the carrier's cargo aircraft. at the time, fedex pointed out that amazon represented less than 1.3% of total revenue in 2018.
"while the amazon contracts represented only a small proportion of our revenues, the nature of our business is such that near-term profits will be adversely affected since the last bit of volume has significant flow through to the bottom line," smith said in the latest conference call. fedex cfo alan graf added that the "loss of volume from amazon had a negative impact to the quarter."
smith proceeded to say that amazon is one of the four primary competitors that management thinks about on a daily basis:
and the last thing i'm going to say is, we basically compete in an ecosphere that's got five entities in it. there is ups. there is dhl. there is a u.s. postal service. and now increasingly there is amazon. that's who we wake up every day trying to think about how we compete against and give the best services to our sales force.
that's quite a reversal from smith's dismissive comments in the past.
fedex and amazon are both more forthright with investors in regulatory filings. amazon's most recent 10-k filed this year had a new addition: the tech giant said it now competes in the market for "transportation and logistics services."
"in addition, some high volume package shippers, such as amazon.com, are developing and implementing in-house delivery capabilities and utilizing independent contractors for deliveries, and may be considered competitors," fedex warned in its most recent 10-k filing. "for example, amazon.com is investing significant capital to establish a network of hubs, aircraft and vehicles."
speaking of investing in vehicles, amazon ceo jeff bezos this morning unveiled a comprehensive plan to address climate change, which includes buying 100,000 electric delivery vans from ev start-up rivian. the e-commerce giant invested in rivian earlier this year.
our fleet is electrifying! thrilled to announce the order of 100,000 electric delivery vehicles - the largest order of electric delivery vehicles ever. look out for the new vans starting in 2021. pic.twitter.com/y5qypuy2wp
combined with amazon continuing to accumulate warrants to acquire substantial stakes in various aircraft operators, smith is right to be concerned.
10 stocks we like better than amazonwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and amazon wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. evan niu, cfa owns shares of amazon. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amazon and fedex. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
by daniel sparks
the apple (nasdaq: aapl) product launch on tuesday was packed with news. on the hardware front, the tech giant released the iphone 11, iphone 11 pro, and iphone 11 pro max; the apple watch series 5, and a new version of the entry-level ipad. but the tech company also shared more details on two of its upcoming services: apple arcade and apple tv+.
with the iphone segment accounting for over half of apple's revenue, it was no surprise that the company's latest versions were the main event for the keynote. but what was interesting is that it wasn't necessarily the flagship iphone that stole the show on tuesday. instead, it was the aggressive pricing of the new iphone 11 and the subsequent price cut to the current iphone xr that grabbed the spotlight.
here's a look at the newest iphones, and why the competitive pricing was a narrative that caught investors' attention.
the iphone 11. image source: apple.
as was the case last year, the lineup is made up of three new iphones: one lower-cost iphone and two high-end models. to differentiate the two higher-end smartphones from the cheapest new one, apple gave the more expensive models a "pro" designation this year.
iphone 11 (starting at $699): in many ways, this is the successor to the iphone xr that apple launched last year. priced lower than the iphone 11 pro and iphone 11 pro max, it is available in more colors, has a liquid crystal display (lcd) instead of the organic light-emitting diode (oled) version on the higher-end models, and has a display that measures 6.1 inches. setting it apart from the iphone xr, the new phone has a better camera, improved battery life, and apple's new a13 bionic processor.
iphone 11 pro (starting at $999): compared with the iphone 11, the iphone 11 pro has a smaller display size of 5.8 inches. but it has an oled display, and an even better camera system than the iphone 11. it also includes the latest a13 bionic chip.
iphone 11 pro max (starting at $1,099): the new flagship iphone replaces the iphone xs max. it is mostly the same as the iphone 11 pro but has a 6.5-inch display and five more hours of battery life compared with the iphone xs max, giving it the longest battery life of any iphone. while the iphone 11 certainly isn't cheap, it's notably priced $50 lower than the iphone xr's $749 starting price last year. perhaps even more surprising, apple dropped the price of its one-year-old iphone xr by $150, to $599.
the aggressive pricing could give the iphone segment a much-needed boost. its revenue has been declining, and iphone unit sales, which the company stopped reporting as they started to trend downward, are likely still falling as well.
as apple transitions to a business model that is focused on monetizing its base of active users with an increasingly robust slate of services, it makes sense to make its iphones more affordable. this could reinvigorate unit sales growth, which could ultimately bolster the company's installed base of active users, who it can monetize with apps and services in the coming years.
10 stocks we like better than apple
when investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and apple wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 daniel sparks has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends apple. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
apple (nasdaq: aapl) ceo tim cook didn't waste any time kicking off the company's keynote presentation on tuesday morning. while the main focus of the annual september product launch is usually the iphone, cook first provided some updates on two of the tech giant's upcoming services: apple arcade and apple tv+.
while the tech company announced apple arcade and apple tv+ alongside two other new services -- apple news+ and apple card -- earlier this year, it hadn't provided many details about the video game and television subscription services until now. on tuesday, apple revealed both services' prices, launch dates, and other details.
here's what you should know.
apple arcade is a subscription service that gives users unlimited access to a library of games. the service, apple announced, will cost $4.99 a month and will come with a one-month free trial. this price is for individual subscribers or a family of up to six members.
initially, the game will include a catalog of over 100 games and will be available in more than 150 countries.
apple's streaming-tv service, apple tv+, is launching on nov. 1. the new, ad-free subscription service will be offered in over 100 countries and will feature original shows, movies, and documentaries. some of the new shows available on the service's first day include the morning show, starring reese witherspoon, jennifer aniston, and steve carell; dickinson, a story about a rebellious young poet; and see, a drama starring jason momoa and alfre woodard.
the new service will cost $4.99 a month and include a seven-day free trial. in addition, customers who purchase a new iphone, ipad, apple tv, ipod touch, or mac will get one year of free access to apple tv+. like the apple arcade subscription, up to six family members can be included in a single subscription.
more new original shows will be added to the app each month, apple said.
competition in streaming tv has been heating up. walt disney (nyse: dis) is launching its streaming service on nov. 12 for just $6.99 a month. the new service, called disney+, will include new originals, as well as access to pixar, marvel, star wars, disney movies, and more. in addition, disney announced a $12.99-per-month bundle that will include access to disney+, espn+, and hulu.
it's no surprise to see apple pricing its services aggressively. the company likely wants to ensure it grabs market share in these new categories quickly, as services are becoming an increasingly important pillar to apple's business. services revenue in the company's most recent quarter increased 13% year over year. this compares to apple's 1% growth in its consolidated top line over the same time frame. in addition, it was a record quarter for the company's services business.
10 stocks we like better than applewhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and apple wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 daniel sparks has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends apple and walt disney. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $60 calls on walt disney, short october 2019 $125 calls on walt disney, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
roku (nasdaq: roku) stock plummeted after comcast (nasdaq: cmcsa) announced its internet subscribers are now eligible to receive a free xfinity flex streaming box and facebook (nasdaq: fb) introduced its new portal tv device. investors are worried that new competitors entering the market with even a modicum of differentiation -- comcast on price, facebook on technology -- could negatively impact roku's future. in other words, investors think roku doesn't have any real competitive advantages.
roku has faced considerable competition for a long time. apple (nasdaq: aapl) released the first version of apple tv before the first roku device went on sale. amazon (nasdaq: amzn) entered the market in 2014 and has been extremely aggressive in its efforts to grab market share since. still, roku is the leading streaming platform in the u.s. by most measures, and it's rapidly increasing total engagement on the platform.
that's because it has some things its competitors don't. here's what comcast and facebook are missing in their effort to compete with roku.
roku ceo anthony wood is a fan of saying his company is agnostic when it comes to what content you want to stream. by comparison, apple wants users to watch itunes, apple tv+, and apple tv channels. amazon wants users to stream prime video.
comcast will likely push its forthcoming peacock streaming service, as well as tv everywhere apps that require cable authentication. what's more, you're locked into comcast's internet service. that means if you move or switch internet service providers, you won't be able to keep using your device. and considering the new competition expected to enter the home internet market over the next few years, that lock-in could have a significant impact on a consumer discretionary spending decisions.
facebook is the least agnostic, as it still puts a focus on facebook watch videos in its marketing. the social giant's portal tv is also heavily focused on pushing users to its messaging apps, messenger and whatsapp, which provide the back end for its core video-calling feature.
that said, roku now offers users the roku channel, an ad-supported channel of licensed and third-party content where it sells premium subscriptions as well. the roku channel has become an integral piece of roku's strategy to grow platform revenue through additional ad sales and potentially better margins on its distribution of premium streaming services.
for consumers looking for a simple streaming experience that doesn't sway behavior toward one bucket of content or another, roku is still the best choice. new competitors looking to enter the market will likely suffer from a similar dilemma, as companies seem to be pushing competing hardware as a means to sell something else (like a video subscription). roku's level of agnosticism is unparalleled.
roku has 30.5 million active users, mostly in the united states. not only that, but its users spend a lot of time streaming video on its platform -- nearly 3.5 hours per day. that level of broad engagement is highly attractive to content providers.
facebook is notably launching portal tv without support for netflix. in fact, the options for streaming video are very limited compared to competing streaming devices. comcast, meanwhile, has more streaming video options (thanks to its position as a distributor for traditional media and several over-the-top services already). it also has an easy path to scale by including its flex device with an internet subscription. but even if literally every one of comcast's 27.8 million high-speed internet customers started using flex devices, it still wouldn't catch up to roku's user base, and engagement would likely be significantly lower.
it's also worth noting that millions of roku users have more than one roku device. the company has 41 million installed devices in the united states, according to an estimate from strategy analytics. indeed, many households have multiple television sets, and it'd be nice to be able to stream video to all of them. comcast limits households to two flex devices and charges customers $5 per month to lease the second device. facebook's portal tv costs $149, although customers buying two can get a $50 discount. roku offers one of the most economical ways of streaming video to all televisions, which increases engagement. as such, big households will likely opt for roku as their streaming device of choice.
roku's highly engaged user base combined with the fact that it doesn't favor any one streaming service over others makes it a necessary distribution channel for new over-the-top video options. that creates a virtuous cycle where users opt for roku for access to the broadest selection of content. that's the network effect in action, and it's one of the strongest competitive advantages in developing a platform business like roku's.
10 stocks we like better than rokuwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and roku wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. randi zuckerberg, a former director of market development and spokeswoman for facebook and sister to its ceo, mark zuckerberg, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. adam levy owns shares of amazon, apple, and facebook. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amazon, apple, facebook, nflx, and roku. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $155 calls on apple and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool recommends comcast. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
in this week's episode of industry focus: consumer goods, host shannon jones talks with the fool's dan kline about what he's seeing at this year's groceryshop conference. how is target (nyse: tgt) planning to grow its groceries? what are the biggest challenges facing smaller players, like mom-and-pops and convenience stores? how are the big guys, like walmart (nyse: wmt) and target, using big data to improve their grocery operations? where do amazon (nasdaq: amzn) and whole foods fit into the picture? how can beyond meat (nasdaq: bynd) really beef up its widespread appeal? what technologies are driving the most change in the grocery industry? what technologies are consumers rejecting? tune in to find out more!
to catch full episodes of all the motley fool's free podcasts, check out our podcast center. to get started investing, check out our quick-start guide to investing in stocks. a full transcript follows the video.
10 stocks we like better than walmartwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, the motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.* david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and walmart wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
*stock advisor returns as of june 1, 2019the author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned.
shannon jones: welcome to industry focus, the show that dives into a different sector of the stock market every single day. today, it's tuesday, september the 17th. i'm excited about today's show for consumer goods. i've got dan kline joining us from las vegas. he is our boots on the ground for what is one of the largest, if not the largest grocery store, consumer packaged goods conferences out there. that's right, we're talking about groceryshop. dan, i can only say, i didn't even realize this was even a thing until you told me about it several weeks ago.
dan kline: [laughs] i have to be honest, i cover this industry, and this is year two of groceryshop, and i spent most of my time here thinking it was the first year because i'd never heard of it. what groceryshop is, is it's a convention for everyone in the grocery space. major players -- amazon, target, walmart, instacart; mom and pops, and start-ups. and they're all dealing with the questions of, how are we going to get our groceries? how much is that is going to become digital? how much is going to stay brick and mortar? where's the omnichannel mix? you're seeing a lot of solutions to a lot of questions. but we don't really know which ones consumers want yet.
jones: exactly. just for some perspective, this is a massive conference, dan. i was taking a look -- 33,000 attendees, over 200 speakers. you mentioned the long list of those high-end grocery store retailers, some e-commerce, some more big box retailers. you've also got start-ups coming as well, start-ups hoping to bring in some of that innovation. truly a fascinating space. kline: it's big in that important people are here -- ceos and top executives -- but it's small in that 3,000 is a pretty manageable amount. if you want to speak to someone, other than maybe the big keynotes, you can talk to them. you're seeing a real exchange of ideas. the challenge isn't for the biggest players. amazon, walmart, target can all try everything and see what works. but if you're a smaller chain, even if you're a publix, which is a pretty big chain, you have to decide where you're going to invest your money. is it cashier-less checkout? delivery? drones? and i don't think anyone knows the answers because the digital part of grocery shopping is still a teeny, tiny part of the overall business.
jones: exactly. that's a good segue to talk more and set the stage for a lot of our listeners who may not be familiar. can you just talk about where the market stands right now?
kline: when you look at the big players -- and we'll keep talking target, walmart, and amazon over and over again -- target and walmart are both using curbside pickup in a lot of markets. that's been a very successful driver for walmart. we have a story coming out tomorrow that talks about how curbside pickup has actually driven traffic inside their store. somehow, it helps. target and walmart are also both doing same-day delivery. slightly different models. walmart's rolling out a subscription service; target bought shipt, which is already in a lot of markets, so target is leading by a little bit. amazon, of course, is pioneering one-day delivery and same-day delivery from its whole foods stores, as well as some of its amazon prime pantry. so, you've really got this push toward immediacy from the big players. that sets a bar for everyone else. but the reality is, everyone else has options. they can partner with, say, an instacart, and the negative of that is, there's a cost involved with that. everyone tries to downplay that. walmart says, "well, we charge the same prices in store and online, aside from a delivery fee," but the reality is, whether you eat the cost or pass it on to consumers, it does cost money to pick these orders. instacart mentioned having 100,000 people. walmart said they had 45,000 people picking orders. this is not fully automated, and maybe it won't be. we're figuring out where all of this is, and what consumers are going to want. that's sort of the question hanging over this. is curbside pickup a real convenience? you still have to go to the store. is it better to just get it delivered? or, do people really want to put their hands on everything they buy, and they're only going to buy, like, kitty litter, water, other big things that are not all that fun to shop for?
jones: such a good point. when you think about the logistics involved with same-day delivery, even curbside pickup, it's still an expensive undertaking, no matter how you look at it. of course, with grocery chains in general, many of them already are operating on razor thin margins. so, for a lot of the smaller players, it does become much more difficult, much more expensive, to think about offering similar services that these big names can do. one thing i want to go back to is on target. target, i think, is so interesting in the grocery space. compared to some of the other bigger players, dan, target has not really carved out a name for itself just yet in the grocery space. it's got the grocery section, but there's not necessarily a brand or anything that lures me there other than the fact that i just happened to be in the store for a pair of shoes for my daughter, and i realize i need to pick up something. but, that's changing, right?
kline: that is changing. a story that's on fool.com today is, stephanie lundquist, the president of food and beverage for target, was one of the keynotes. and she talked about exactly that. target was a place that had groceries, but they didn't have a target approach to groceries. the headline of her speech, and of my article, is how target plans to bring the "tar-zhay" magic to grocery. what they're doing is they're launching a company-owned brand that pulls together a whole bunch of other brands they have, and has a quality standard. they're looking at their shelves and saying, "ok, this is why people like shopping at us for other things. how do we do that in grocery? how do we make it more distinctive?"
i'll say that the store redesigns -- we've talked about on the show before -- there is a completely redesigned target near my second home in davenport. that sounds better than it is. davenport, florida, near disney world. that target is optimized. you walk in, and the things you need right away are right up front. because it's a vacation area, there's a lot of grab-and-go vacation stuff. the wine section is amazing. the liquor store. all of the produce looks good. everything is target-ized in a nicer way. that's where the whole brand is going. they're putting a distinct target feel on grocery. and they're not there, but they clearly have a strategy for it.
jones: yeah, a lot to watch there. going back to the conference as a whole, dan, what would you say from a high level is the overarching theme of this conference?
kline: there's two things. one, i would say, the democratization of technology. what i mean by that is, you remember when a few years ago, it was a completely unique thing that starbucks had mobile order and pay. now, there's white-label mobile order and pay. if you and i open a coffee shop tomorrow, that could be an option we could integrate, and we could use square and essentially have most of what starbucks has without investing the money starbucks put in. well, there's companies here offering things like cashier-free checkout. now, when amazon first launched that at amazon go, it was 1,000 stories. it was, "oh, my god, you can just walk in and it knows what you're buying? and it charges your credit card?" well, that's something a local convenience store can offer. the biggest challenge with all of that is, if i'm a local convenience store, is that where i put my money? is it delivery? is it some sort of next-generation driverless technology to deliver orders? is it high-end coffee? we don't know the answer. that's what everyone is talking about. as we're making investments, what should it be? yep, i could automate my whole back end. i saw this technology at a show put on by the same people, shoptalk, earlier this year. at shoptalk, what we looked at was a 10,000 square foot unit that could automate picking of a lot of these orders, get rid of some of the human part. that's being used by some grocery chains. now, is that where it makes sense for them to invest their money? or, should they be automating delivery? or, do they have to do both? so, there's really an open question. that boogieman of getting rid of people from some of this, which takes out cost in the long run -- not in the short-term -- that's hanging over everything, and nobody really talks about it that much.
jones: yeah. big investments being made in this space. we talked a little about a lot of the infrastructure and investment needs to take the grocery store model to the next level. dan, from this conference, what do you think is the biggest problem or opportunity a lot of these grocery chains are investing in right now?
kline: it's really figuring out your infrastructure and supply chain. we've moved from a model where you were bringing in pallets of stuff, putting it in a storage room, then moving it to shelves in pretty big numbers. now, alongside that, you have to have an operation that does picking for individual orders. and in some cases, those orders are going two different ways. one of the things walmart talked about is, the person picking an order does not know if it's for curbside pickup or for delivery. you have to figure that out, put in a system, and know what you're going to need. and that's a really high-end inventory thing. there's a lot more choice for consumers. i don't know about you, but i'm not going to be happy if they don't have the exact kind of almond milk i buy, or whatever other very specific thing it is. companies that operate on a very gross level are now having to operate on a very, very fine level.
jones: yes. and almond milk is important. i stock at least two cartons in my refrigerator at all times. i think another area, too, dan, just think about fresh produce. even as i've tried some of these curbside pickups and even same-day delivery, that's just one area where i still want to go into a store and literally go and look at the produce, or even meat, then actually pick it up and pay for it. do you see that being broached in a conference like this?
kline: walmart talked a lot during their keynote about training people to pick stuff. i will say, i use instacart, i've used amazon's service, and i find some things a little bit difficult. sometimes you order something -- like, "i want a pound and a half of salmon." and maybe the piece of salmon you get is really thick on one end and really thin on the other, it's hard to cook, it's not what you would have picked. the other thing i've had real problems with is samples. i think i've told you this story personally. i ordered gluten-free rotini, and they were out of it. and now, instacart actually has technology to pick replacements, but this didn't exist a few months ago. and they went, "oh, we're out of gluten-free rotini. i'll make the substitution. i'll get regular rotini," which, of course, is a terrible substitution. they would have been better off getting a different pasta shape. so, you're seeing technology fix some of that. but, yeah, they can't really figure out if you're going to want an orange that's a little more orange or a little less orange or exactly what it is or what you want your raw chicken breast to look like. those are things that i'm not sure we're there yet, as far as the technology goes.
jones: also, with any conference, especially as an investor, one of the things you always want to keep an ear out for is, what's the buzzword that keeps on coming up the most? no different here with groceryshop. dan, what is that one word with this conference?
kline: it's data. the one thing you know as a grocery chain is what people are buying, when they're buying it, how they're buying it. what they're analyzing is, are quantities changing for home delivery? is curbside pickup different than in-store? they're absolutely crunching it so they can figure out, what goes on the shelf? what stays in the back? what don't we need anymore? can we cut out certain skus? do we need to stock more? really, everybody talked about data and ai and different types of learning, all driven by the information they have collected.
jones: you hear a lot of companies even outside of the space talk about the importance of data. sometimes they'll even try to put a dollar figure on that. but, it's one thing to have access to data; it's a whole 'nother thing to actually utilize it in a way that gives you some sort of advantage and makes you better than the competition. of course, we're in the information age right now. information can be a competitive advantage if you're using it in a way to adapt faster. i happened to see some of the start-ups that were at this conference. there was one that was intriguing to me. basically, after you make that purchase decision, they'll actually start tracking how often you use the product when you're at home. dan, i don't know how i feel about that.
kline: [laughs] yeah. look, i think some technology, there's pushback. if you remember, when amazon used to have the dash button, where you could put it next to, say, your washing machine when you ran out of tide, you could push the button and it ordered more -- those didn't work. it felt invasive, or maybe unnecessary, for customers. some of the auto-replenishment -- there been various tools. amazon had a wand where, when you threw something away, you could run the barcode through the wand, and it would reorder for you. people have largely pushed back against that stuff. i like passive refills, like dollar shave club. every quarter, they send me a quarter's worth of razors, and i get an email a couple of weeks before asking if i want to add to my order. they're not looking at my shelf to see how many razors i've used. they just roughly know i use one a week, and that's a good cadence. i do think you have to figure out what the line is. there might be some areas -- let's say, pet food -- where you totally want them to monitor it because it's heavy and you don't want to run out, and you don't have to go in the middle of the night to find your brand. on the other hand, there might be some things where, maybe you don't want them to know exactly how many pints of ice cream you've eaten in the last couple of weeks.
jones: [laughs] fair point there, dan. what do you consider right now the biggest challenge facing any grocer that's not named walmart, target, or amazon?
kline: where do you put your money? you're looking at all these different things. curbside pickup is an investment. delivery is an investment. something we haven't talked about is rfid tags. that's literally little, tiny microchips that let you know where all your inventory is so you can automate ordering and the process. which of those are going to win? we don't know the answer. if you're a smaller chain, and you bet it all on delivery, or make a big bet on one of these areas, that could turn out to be something customers don't actually want. we might see that it's 10%, 15% of the market for delivery and curbside pickup, and that most people are still comfortable going inside, and they want to pick most of their stuff. they might pick and choose when they get deliveries. i use delivery all the time, but i still go to the grocery store two or three times a week. it's a very fine line if you don't have the endless sums that the big players do.
jones: exactly. it's really about figuring out, what is it that you're going into the grocery store for? what is actually appealing to consumers? and then also, figuring out, what is it that i don't mind just having sent directly to my house? a lot of questions there. to close us out here, dan, if there was one thing that surprised you the most from this conference, what would that be?
kline: i'm going to talk about a company that i've been very negative on, not so much because of their product, but because of their valuation: beyond meat. beyond meat is a meat substitute. their famous product is a burger, it looks like a burger, it bleeds like a burger. i can attest, because they were cooking them on the show floor, it smells like a burger. but, i felt there was a limited market for this in that, they're going to put these things on fast food menus, it's going to be a fad for a while, and then, kind of like a lot of places with gluten-free, it's going to fade away. but one of the keynotes was the chairman of the company. and he got up and, for his opening example, he talked about how, in the 1960s, when you went to the milk section of a grocery store, mostly what they had was whole milk. and certainly, the only thing they had was cow milk. now, if you go to the average whole foods, not only do you have 2%, 1%, skim, heavy cream, all different types of milk; you're almost at about 50/50 between cow milk and other forms of milk. plant-based milks, nut-based milks, and all sorts of other things. that's their goal. it isn't so much just to get penetration of people accepting their substitute. it's for their product to be alongside meat, and to stop thinking about where the meat comes from. is this a cow-based meat? is this a plant-based substitute? and saying no, it's all meat, it doesn't really matter what the point of origin was. that's a fundamental change to how these products have been displayed. i actually think that's a really smart idea. if i'm searching for burgers, and their burger is right there alongside and it's competitively priced, there's a chance i might buy that. to be fair, there's no chance i will buy that; but, there's a chance many people will buy that. he's really looking at changing how we think about food. and that's a bigger market than just launching a substitute product.
jones: yeah, that's a very good point you make, dan. anytime i'm looking at an investable opportunity, i'm looking for visionary ceos who really are thought leaders and are thinking 10 years ahead, 20 years ahead, about, how are we changing? how are consumer preferences and habits changing? where does the company fit in? and i think that's a fair point. i'm like you; i'm not really sold on the beyond meat idea. but it sounds like there's a vision that is much grander in scale, and hopefully a market opportunity that can support that meaty evaluation.
kline: if i get a chance, i'm going to try it on the show floor today.
jones: please take a picture and post it on twitter, dan! tell me what you think!
jones: alright. that'll do it for us and the industry focus: consumer goods show! thank you so much for tuning in! as always, people on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and the motley fool may have formal recommendations for or against, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear. thanks to austin morgan for his work behind the glass! for dan kline, i'm shannon jones. thanks for listening and fool on!
john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. daniel b. kline has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. shannon jones owns shares of amazon, square, and walt disney. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amazon, square, starbucks, twitter, and walt disney. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $60 calls on walt disney, short october 2019 $125 calls on walt disney, and short september 2019 $70 puts on square. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
