in early trading on thursday, shares of microsoft corporation (msft) topped the list of the day's best performing dow jones industrial average components, trading up 2.3%. year to date, microsoft corporation registers a 39.5% gain.
and the worst performing dow component thus far on the day is caterpillar (cat), trading down 0.7%. caterpillar is showing a gain of 2.4% looking at the year to date performance.
two other components making moves today are home depot (hd), trading down 0.3%, and cisco systems (csco), trading up 0.8% on the day.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
the atlantic magazine's had a story about how american companies are spending trillions on stock buybacks to enrich their ceos. much of the article's content has been covered extensively by business media -- both the pros and cons -- so i won't rehash the arguments. however, one of author jerry useem's paragraphs bears repeating because it hits at the core of the problem.
"corporations describe the practice as an efficient way to return money to shareholders," useem wrote. "by reducing the number of shares outstanding in the market, a buyback lifts the price of each remaining share. but that spike is often short-lived: a study by the research firm fortuna advisors found that, five years out, the stocks of companies that engaged in heavy buybacks performed worse for shareholders than the stocks of companies that didn't."
i've always believed that if a company wants to allocate its free cash flow to shareholders, it should do so by paying a special dividend, not by repurchasing shares or paying a regular dividend. stock buybacks distort earnings growth while regular quarterly dividends ratchet up shareholder expectations. neither is good for the long-term health of a business. but it's especially galling when stock buybacks enrich a ceo at the expense of the rank-and-file employees.
love them or hate them, these 10 companies are making their ceos rich.
source: jhvephoto / shutterstock.com
according to the equilar 200 study, oracle (nasdaq:) co-ceos mark hurd and safra catz earned a combined $298 million in total compensation in fiscal 2017 and 2018, of which approximately 96% came from stock grants and option awards. in 2018, hurd and catz were paid 1,205 times the company's median pay of . as a tandem, hurd and catz own 49.7 million shares, which are worth $2.7 billion at current prices. the duo's compensation in 2017 and 2018 fails to take into consideration the amount paid through vested shares. catz received $158 million in shares that vested in fiscal 2018 alone. as for share repurchases, the company repurchased of its stock over the past three fiscal years, reducing its share count by 14%. not surprisingly, its earnings per share increased by 43% over the same period. source: bjorn bakstad / shutterstock.com
jpmorgan (nyse:) ceo james dimon earned $58 million in total compensation in fiscal 2017 and 2018, approximately 77% of it from stock grants. in 2018, dimon was paid 381 times the company's median pay of .
dimon owns 10 million shares if you include options, which are worth $1.2 billion at current prices. in 2018 alone, the jpmorgan ceo had $11 million in stock vest on top of his total compensation for the year. as for share repurchases, the company repurchased of its stock over the past three fiscal years, reducing its share count by 10%. jpmorgan increased its earnings per share by 50% over the same period. source: gguy / shutterstock.com
microsoft (nasdaq:) ceo satya nadella earned $46 million in total compensation in fiscal 2017 and 2018, approximately 61% of it from stock grants and option awards. in 2018, nadella was paid a relatively reasonable 154 times the company's median pay of .
nadella owns 2.9 million shares if you include options, which are worth $393.6 million at current prices. in 2018 alone, nadella had $25.8 million in microsoft stock vest on top of his total compensation for the year. as for share repurchases, the company repurchased of its stock over the past three fiscal years, reducing its share count by 3%. that's not surprising given how much stock the company issues to employees for a job well done. microsoft managed to increase its earnings per share by 98% over the same period. source: jhvephoto / shutterstock.com
merck (nyse:) ceo kenneth frazier earned $38 million in total compensation in fiscal 2017 and 2018, approximately 68% of it from stock grants and option awards. in 2018, frazier was paid 215 times the company's median pay of .
frazier owns 3.7 million shares if you include options, which are worth $307.5 million at current prices. in 2018 alone, the merck ceo had $41.3 million in stock vest on top of his total compensation for the year. as for share repurchases, the company repurchased of its stock over the past three fiscal years, reducing its share count by 6%. merck managed to increase its earnings per share by 49% over the same period. however, its gaap results have been very choppy over the past decade. you'll want to take this with a grain of salt. source: view apart / shutterstock.com
according to the 2018 version of the equilar 200, a list of the 200 highest-paid ceos in america, apple (nasdaq:) ceo tim cook made $29 million in total compensation in fiscal 2017 and 2018, none of it from stock grants or options. in 2018, cook was paid times the company's median pay of $55,426. however, one needn't feel sorry for cook. he owns shares of apple stock worth $198 million as (as of sept. 12). in addition, cook has had more than a million shares of aapl stock vest in the last two years alone. this means his compensation for 2017 and 2018 was actually much higher than $29 million. as for share repurchases, the company repurchased of its stock over the past three fiscal years, reducing its share count by 14%. not surprisingly, its earnings per share increased by 29% over the same period. source: 4kclips / shutterstock.com
bank of america (nyse:) ceo brian moynihan earned $43 million in total compensation in fiscal 2017 and 2018, approximately 93% of it from stock grants and option awards. in 2018, moynihan was paid 247 times the company's median pay of .
moynihan owns 3.4 million shares if you include options, which are worth $100.9 million at current prices. in 2018 alone, moynihan had $23.1 million in stock vest on top of his total compensation for the year. as for share repurchases, the company repurchased of its stock over the past three fiscal years, reducing its share count by 9%. bank of america increased its earnings per share by 99% over the same period. source: mano kors / shutterstock.com
ebay (nasdaq:) ceo devin wenig earned $36 million in total compensation in fiscal 2017 and 2018, approximately 82% of it from stock grants and option awards. in 2018, wenig was paid a 152 times the company's median pay of .
wenig owns 1.7 million shares if you include options, which are worth $67.5 million at current prices. in 2018, wenig had $18.8 million in ebay stock vest on top of his total compensation. as for share repurchases, the company repurchased of its stock over the past three fiscal years, reducing its share count by 19%. ebay increased its earnings per share by 80% over the same period. source: photobyphm / shutterstock.com
qualcomm (nasdaq:qcom) ceo steven mollenkopf earned in total compensation in fiscal 2017 and 2018, approximately 75% of it from stock grants and option awards. in 2018, mollenkopf was paid a 233 times the company's median pay of .
mollenkopf owns 679,813 shares if you include options, which are worth $53.8 million at current prices. in 2018 alone, the ceo had $12.9 million in stock vest on top of his total compensation for the year. as for share repurchases, the company repurchased of its stock over the past three fiscal years, reducing its share count by 11%. qualcomm decreased its earnings per share by 203% over the same period. on a non-gaap basis, it decreased earnings per share by 21%. source: manuel esteban / shutterstock.com
pfizer (nyse:) ceo ian read earned $46 million in total compensation in fiscal 2017 and 2018, approximately 76% of it from stock grants and option awards. in january 2019, read passed down the company to after eight years at pfizer's helm. in 2018, read was paid 244 times the company's median pay of .
read owns 1.3 million shares if you include options, which are worth $48.5 million at current prices. in 2018 alone, read had $10.6 million in stock vest on top of his total compensation for the year. as for share repurchases, the company repurchased of its stock over the past three fiscal years, reducing its share count by 5%. pfizer increased its earnings per share by 68% over the same period. source: sundry photography / shutterstock.com
cisco (nasdaq:) ceo charles robbins earned $38 million in total compensation in fiscal 2017 and 2018, approximately 73% of it from stock grants and option awards. in 2018, robbins was paid 160 times the company's median pay of , the second-highest median pay (behind microsoft) of the 10 stocks listed in this article. robbins owns 139,189 shares if you include options, which are worth $6.9 million at current prices. of the ceos on this list, robbins has the smallest ownership position in terms of total dollars in stock held. in 2018, robbins had $9 million in stock vest on top of his total compensation for the year. as for share repurchases, the company repurchased of its stock over the past three fiscal years, reducing its share count by 13%. cisco increased its earnings per share by 24% over the same period. at the time of this writing will ashworth did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
enterprise software has been one of the most notable bright spots in the tech world. just look at some of the recent ipos which have soared in value from companies like zoom video communications (nasdaq:) and elastic (nyse:) but even mature firms, like microsoft (nasdaq:) and adobe (nasdaq:), have rejuvenated their businesses.
 and then there is ibm (nyse:). the company whiffed on the cloud. it also whiffed on mobile. and even in ai (artificial intelligence) - in which ibm has invested for a long time - the results have been mixed.
the irony is that ibm should have been a huge beneficiary of these trends. it has a trusted brand, a global footprint (it has 60 datacenters across the world) and a massive customer base. but unfortunately, the company did not adapt quickly enough.
despite all its problems, ibm is still healthy from a financial standpoint, as it continues to generate substantial cash flows. the company also has incredibly talented employees.
more importantly for ibm stock, the company has made critical moves to restructure its operations. specifically, it has eliminated jobs and unloaded non-core assets, while also retooling its software to keep up with the competition.
but i think the most consequential point is that the company has been willing to make big bets, as shown by its $34 billion mega-acquisition of red hat.
true, there is a good deal of irony in this deal. when linux and other open-source software platforms emerged in the 1990s, ibm's reaction was to fight back - and hard.
but it was a losing battle. open-source software has become a critical part of companies' arsenals. so with the red hat deal, ibm has become the leader of the space.
there are clear benefits to open-source software. specifically, adoption of it can be rapid because the technology is free and it's continuously being updated by developers.
red hat has been able to leverage its technology to create an extensive platform that enables a hybrid cloud environment. because of security, privacy and regulatory concerns, larger companies need to combine different, i.e. hybrid, options when it comes to the cloud. for example, they can utilize a mix of private and public clouds. among the companies that provide public cloud infrastructure are amazon (nasdaq:), alphabet (nasdaq:, nasdaq:goog) and msft. as a result of this need for flexibility, the flexibility of the open-source model, for the most part, has proven to be spot-on.
as part of ibm, red hat will benefit from the tech giant's tremendous distribution capabilities. what's more, the cloud opportunity is still massive. ibm believes that the typical enterprise has only transitioned 20% of its data to the cloud.
here's what the senior vice president and chief analyst of research firm idc , frank gens, of red hat: "as organizations seek to increase their pace of innovation to stay competitive, they are looking to open source and a distributed cloud environment to enable a new wave of digital innovation that wasn't possible before. over the next five years, idc expects enterprises to invest heavily in their journeys to the cloud, and innovation on it. a large and increasing portion of this investment will be on open hybrid and multicloud environments that enable them to move apps, data and workloads across different environments."
in other words, the deal has the potential to generate growth for ibm and should help make big blue a major player in cloud computing. that should definitely be positive for ibm stock.
i can understand why there is lots of skepticism regarding the bull case on ibm stock. consider that, over the past five years, ibm stock price has fallen 2%.
but i think the red hat deal will be a game changer that will get ibm stock back on track. in fact, investors are already more upbeat on the shares, as ibm stock price has jumped 25% this year.
there will likely be bumps in the road for ibm stock, as acquisitions are never easy. but with the dividend yield at 4.56% - one of the highest in the tech world - and the forward price-earnings ratio standing at only 10.5, ibm does look interesting.
tom taulli is the author of the book, . follow him on twitter at @ttaulli. as of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
the race to $1 trillion in market capitalization has been well documented, as some of the nation's biggest technology companies have flirted with that milestone in the past 18 months.
apple (nasdaq: aapl) was the first to achieve it in early august 2018, flirted with the artificial milestone through november 2018, but then fell in value before hitting the mark again in the middle of last week. apple is hoping this one lasts a little longer. shares for the tech giant quickly came under pressure in the days that followed, as investors and analysts digested all the information from apple's product launch on sept. 10, and the price dipped. but the stock is back up again and the market cap is now hovering right around $1 trillion. so what's behind the rise and fall and rise again of apple's market cap in such a short time frame? for years now apple has chosen early september as the time to roll out new products and services. after all, the holidays are mere months away, and who doesn't want a new iphone or ipad as a gift?
but apple also used this year's event in the steve jobs theater at the company's cupertino, california, headquarters to tout its upcoming streaming-content service apple tv+, and its gaming service apple arcade. to stand out from the growing number of competitors, it announced a $4.99 monthly subscription fee for both services. it also said that if you buy a new apple device you get a one-year subscription to apple tv+ for free. that was well received by the legions of fans who attended the event in person or watched a live stream of the event.
add the iphone 11, the iphone 11 pro, and the iphone 11 pro max to the mix, and you can't blame investors for getting giddy. with iphone sales becoming sluggish here and in china, giving consumers reasons to upgrade is important to apple's finances. it didn't hurt that the basic version of the iphone 11 is priced at $699, lower than previous iphone launches. one of the knocks on apple is that its iphones are simply too pricey; consumers are less inclined to throw down $1,000 or more for a mobile device unless it gives them a completely new experience.
apple also unveiled a new ipad, an upgraded ipados (operating system), and the next version of the apple watch. all these devices have advanced technology, longer battery lives, and eye-catching colors and designs. enthusiasm around its new devices and services sent shares of apple climbing, and it's market cap followed suit, rising above the $1 trillion mark.
but then on friday, sept. 13, goldman sachs' analysts weighed in, and some of that euphoria dissipated. in a research note reported on by marketwatch, analyst rod hall cut his price target on apple to $165 from $187 and maintained his neutral rating. the reason for his move: apple tv+.
the way the analyst sees it, apple is making a big mistake by pricing its content service at $4.99 a month; he argues that it will hurt earnings. he said the one-year free trial will lower the average selling prices (asps) for apple's devices, and thus its margins, even if it achieves higher services revenue.
"effectively, apple's method of accounting moves revenue from hardware to services even though customers do not perceive themselves to be paying for tv+," hall wrote in the research note to clients. "though this might appear convenient for apple's services revenue line, it is equally inconvenient for both apparent hardware asps and margins in high sales quarter[s]," like the upcoming holiday quarter (the first quarter of fiscal 2020). the analyst warned fiscal q1 earnings results could be "materially" lower than forecast.
apple quickly pushed back on that assessment, saying in a statement to cnbc that the pricing of apple tv+, including the one-year free trial, won't have a material impact on its financial results.
apple's response appears to have been enough to calm some nervous investors. as of wednesday morning, apple's market cap stands right around $1 billion with shares trading at $221.64. it's still the second-highest-valued tech company behind microsoft, with a market cap of $1.05 trillion; amazon is a distant third, with a market value of $900 billion.
while reaching $1 trillion in market capitalization makes for good headlines and dinner party conversations, in the grand scheme of things it's nothing more than an artificial milestone. consider the case of u.s. steel, for example. around the turn of the 20th century, it was the first company to achieve a market capitalization of more than $1 billion. but in the decades following that milestone, a slew of companies achieved much higher market capitalizations and have far surpassed it. apple will forever be known as the first company to reach $1 trillion in market cap, but if consumers aren't buying its future products and consuming its services, it won't matter too much if once upon a time it was valued so richly.
10 stocks we like better than applewhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and apple wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. teresa kersten, an employee of linkedin, a microsoft subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. donna fuscaldo has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amazon, apple, and microsoft. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, and long january 2021 $85 calls on microsoft. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
following yesterday's interest rate cut by the federal reserve, which may have left market participants with more questions than answers, stocks meandered for most of thursday with the major u.s. indexes not doing much of anything in either direction.
 still, the s&p 500 is within 1% of its record highs, so there could be more upside to be had over the near-term, particularly as we get into october and get more, hopefully positive, news on the trade talks with china.
when the closing bell sounded today, the nasdaq composite was higher by 0.07% while the s&p 500 was unchanged. the dow jones industrial average slipped by just 0.19%. in late trading, half of the dow's member firms were trading higher.
many and plenty love share buybacks. put those two themes together and there's usually a positive reaction, hence why microsoft (nasdaq:msft) was the dow's leading performer today, gaining 1.84%.
microsoft, which has been become a dividend growth story in recent years, boosted its payout by 11% while noting it will repurchase another $40 billion worth of its stock. the company's new dividend yield is just 1.33% and microsoft holds plenty of cash on hand so it can raise dividends and buyback shares as it sees fit, and do so over the long-term.
boeing (nyse:) makes an almost daily appearance on the dow jones today roundup. the shares were lower by about half a percent as traders discussed the fate of the stocks come october, a month that looks like it's going to be a vital one for boeing investors.
"ceo dennis muilenburg is headed to washington. he received an invitation to testify before the on oct. 30," reports barron's. "this is the same committee that about its approval process for new planes as well as its decision to ground boeing's 737 max jet back in may."
no promises, but there's a chance muilenburg's october congressional testimony will provide some clues about boeing's ability to get the 737 max back in the skies by the end of this year.
for much of this year, walt disney (nyse:) has provided investors with some good theater, but that wasn't the case thursday as shares of disney slid 2.57%, making the stock the worst performer in the dow. there's still a lot to like with disney stock, but there are some challenges from the film business, which has been a key driver of the stock's performance this year.
imperial capital analyst david miller said in research out today that there are some issues surrounding disney's ability to work through the backlog of films it acquired via its purchase of 21st century fox. that is weighing on box office performance for some of those movies. the analyst slightly lowered his disney price target to $139 from $140.
it closed slightly lower today, but dow component jpmorgan chase (nyse:) continues to look like one of the stronger banking names and could be on the cusp of a breakout.
"they are the gold standard of the banking industry. they have a strong leadership team, and they're benefiting from the tax overhaul. but nobody's even recognizing that," said michael bapis, managing director of vios advisors at rockefeller capital, in an .
for investors that like interest rate cuts, more may be coming even though yesterday's fed minutes indicated the fed is divided on that issue.
"a big question for us was whether jerome powell still considered rate cuts to be 'midcycle' adjustments," . "though powell avoided directly answering the question, we got the sense the cut was more of the midcycle variety, rather than the 'beginning of a lengthy cutting cycle.' we still view at least one or two more cuts over the next year as the most likely outcome."
todd shriber does not own any of the aforementioned securities.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
jack ma phasing out of the alibaba (nyse:) lineup wasn't a shocking revelation that took wall street by surprise. the initial announcement certainly made headlines last year, causing some concern about what it might mean for the future of alibaba stock.
 but largely, investors have embraced the fact that ma would slowly exit the company he started twenty years ago, growing it from a tiny unknown entity to a global powerhouse worth more than $450 billion.
last week ma stepped down from the executive chairman role. the move was announced roughly a year ago, so investors have had time to grow acclimated with it. in short, baba stock is not a sell simply because ma is stepping down.
while we would love to have him along for the ride as executive chairman, he is stepping aside with the company in good hands. let's see what else alibaba group has going for it.
alibaba didn't just build an e-commerce platform benefiting from a rise in online sales. granted, it does have a very strong online presence, but it's more than that. e-commerce is a secular trend as more retail sales continue to shift online. the fact that the chinese middle class continues to boom is a huge tailwind for a company like alibaba.
as this shift continues, alibaba benefits, as does its taobao unit (an online shopping platform). all one needs to see is alibaba's singles day sales total to know of its dominance. it sales of more $30.8 billion in last november's event, crushing the previous year's record of $25.3 billion. where do you think amazon (nasdaq:) got the idea for prime day?
then there's ant financial, which has become china's largest fintech platform, that was started five years ago next month. alibaba's ant financial has an estimated value of $150 billion.
finally, alibaba's cloud business is now 10 years old, but the company is still very optimistic on its future. the unit is its fastest-growing revenue segment and second-largest revenue source at the moment. this should come as little surprise, given the emphasis mega-cap tech stocks have put on the cloud here in the u.s.
here's the thing with alibaba stock: baba stock has been weighed down thanks to the recent trade war developments. this has kept a lid on the stock, allowing the valuation to fall while the company .
estimates call for 32% revenue growth to $72.2 billion this year and another 29% growth next year to $93 billion. it won't be long before alibaba stock is churning out $100+ billion in annual sales.
on the earnings front, analysts expect 23.3% growth this year to $6.88 per share. next year, estimates call for an acceleration to 26% earnings growth, to $8.67 per share.
currently alibaba stock trades at just under 26 times this year's earnings. some may scoff and say that's too much. but compared to its u.s. counterparts, it looks cheap.
baba stock valuation is about in-line with with alphabet (nasdaq:, nasdaq:goog) and microsoft (nasdaq:). however, it has roughly double the expected earnings growth this year and next year, nearly double the expected revenue growth of googl and nearly triple the forecasted revenue growth of msft.
against amazon, alibaba stock is much cheaper, yet has better growth as well. take that for what it's worth.
finally, the charts are setting up favorably for alibaba stock.
after hitting a low of $151.85 in early august, shares have been chugging higher since. a series of higher lows has led to an uptrend support mark (blue line), while baba has pushed through all of its major moving averages.
now bumping up against $180 resistance, alibaba stock has a very clear ascending triangle setup. that is, when rising support continues to push a stock price into a static level of resistance.
traders will be looking for a breakout over $180 and a possible run to $190+ should the breakout stick. if support fails, i want to see support between $168 and $171 hold strong. that's where baba stock will find its 50-day and 200-day moving averages, as well as the 38.2% retracement.
remember, while the setup looks promising, alibaba stock is extra susceptible to a trade-related headline dealing a hearty blow to the charts.
bret kenwell is the manager and author of and is on twitter @bretkenwell. as of this writing, bret kenwell is long amzn and googl.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
one of the best ways to invest for longer-term growth is to identify massive, ground-shifting developments. once you identify these, find companies which are set to become leaders in the new market.
technology is one of those sectors which tends to present many new developments. these companies mint billionaires from founders and make millions more for the savvy individual investors who get into them early. and one of the big new-new things in technology is artificial intelligence stocks, or ai.
ai is a big blanket of technology and application. even some of the most mundane bits of mechanicals can be called ai. take most modern transmissions in cars. transmissions used to be dumb. they shifted in pre-determined patterns if automatic -- or merely followed the shifts from manual inputs from drivers. but today's automatic units including from zf (a public-private company in germany) have learning capabilities which adapt, learning how the driver of the car operates.
then there is the example that i use on a daily basis involves artificial intelligence (ai). i have a bloomberg terminal, which is a vital tool for pulling all sorts of data and information on any economy, market or security. but it also comes with over 2,700 journalists around the globe generating news and other stories each and every day.
but interestingly, bloomberg which combs basic company news releases as well as economic data releases and other basic news and lets its army of robotic writers do the work which increasingly provides a larger percentage of its posted stories.
nothing yet subjective in the robotic writing -- but you never know how this will develop. by the way, i am not a robot.
but ai has a lot further to go. it can and will lead to autonomous cars and new medical and surgical treatments, as well as design of goods and a host of other applications. this also includes trading of stocks, bonds and other securities. but like for any newer, developing and evolving technology, ai has a lot than can go wrong for individual companies. so, i'll present some artificial intelligence stocks that are proven in their capabilities and will be there for the longer run. and to boot, they also pay dividends.
hercules capital total return source bloomberg
hercules capital (nyse:) is based in the u.s. tech mecca of palo alto, california, with offices around the nation. it focuses on working with technology companies and has a good track record of financing startups that become bold-faced names in the tech market. the company makes loans and provides other financing, and it also takes equity participation in its portfolio companies. it then works with them like bankers used to do by guiding them along to an exit strategy of being bought or through an ipo.
it has numerous hardware and software companies that are part and parcel of the ai sector.
its net interest margin (nim) which is measure of the cost of funding against interest earnings is ample at 8.9% and the efficiency ratio is good at 52.5% (the lower the ratio, the greater the profitability). revenues are up 8.8% for the trailing year. that feeds a nice annual dividend stream, including regular special distributions, yielding around 10%.
it is a proven performer -- including for the year to date, with a return so far of 18%, before you count in the dividends.
microsoft total return, source: bloomberg
microsoft (nasdaq:) is a major provider of all sorts of software and services which are mission critical for ai. the company offers software and systems which are used to design and operate ai components and whole systems. and to make ai truly work -- particularly with remote devices, including autonomous cars -- you need cloud computing. and microsoft is currently the second largest cloud company with its azure services unit.
the company continues to move to further its reformation as the poster child for successful tech companies. it's moving from one-off hardware or software sales to recurring revenues from subscriptions as well as contract sales.
revenues are climbing, gaining 14% in the trailing year. operating margins are fat at 34%, and in turn, these drive a return on equity of a whopping 42.4%.
the dividend is a bit less at 1.34% but the distributions continue to rise, with five-year annual gains at 10.44%.
and the stock market continues to recognize its very real performance, with the microsoft stocki price gaining 37% year to date.
at&t total return, source: bloomberg
yes, ma bell. at&t (nyse:) is also vital for ai. sure, chip makers might get a lot of the attention. but just like for microsoft, it is the mainstream companies that provide the guts for ai to operate. and as hercules provides the next up-and-comers' products, ma bell and its wireless services will make them all be able to get access to data to operate.
the company is the leading wireless communications company and provides fixed-line data communications for data centers and cloud operations. it also has cable and satellite transmission and content units, including warner brothers. warner brothers, of course, provides ai engineers with visions of what could be from science fiction films and series.
revenues are a little tamer for now, gaining 6.4% in the trailing year. but operating margins are good at 15.3% which makes for a good return on equity for a big company at 9.5%.
the dividend is running at a whopping 5.5% and the distributions keep rising year in and year out by an average of over 2% per year.
and thanks to more in the market figuring out what's under the hood of the company including some activist investment funds - the shares have returned 39.08% year to date.
digital realty trust total return, source: bloomberg
as noted above in microsoft, cloud computing is vital to ai. and to make the cloud work, you need massive data centers everywhere.
this is a real estate investment trust (reit) which owns data centers around the u.s. and in major markets around the world where ai is being developed and implemented. and data centers are hard to quickly replicate -- making the assets of the reit all the more valuable.
revenues are up in the trailing year by 23.9%. and the return from its funds from operations (ffo), which measures the return just from the actual revenues from its properties, is a very high for a reit rate of 16.40%.
and like for reits in general, the dividend is higher than the general stock market at 3.38%. it has been on the rise just over the past twelve months by 7.32% in distribution amounts.
digital realty trust is also a good performer for shareholders with a total return for just the year to date of 23.04%. that is right on track with the returns over the past 10 years at 330.91% for an average annual equivalent return of 15.72%. and one more word on that nice dividend. thanks to the tax cuts & jobs act of 2017 and a particular line item, the dividend comes with a 20% deduction for individual investors from their income tax liability, making the yield even higher on a tax-equivalent basis.
those are my picks for artificial intelligence stocks with proven companies with less risk and attractive dividends. perhaps you might like to see more of my market research and recommendations for further safer growth and bigger reliable income. for more, look at my profitable investing. neil george was once an all-star bond trader, but now he works morning and night to steer readers away from traps -- and into . neil's new income program is a cash-generating machine...one that can help you collect $208 every day the market's open. neil does not have any holdings in the securities mentioned above.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
shares of gamestop (nyse: gme) were down more than 10% on sept. 11, the day after the retailer reported a second-quarter adjusted loss of $0.32 a share. that was $0.10 worse than wall street's consensus and more than triple last year's loss for the same period. year-to-date, the stock has plummeted over 64%, and this weak performance follows management's decision to eliminate the quarterly dividend back in q1.
despite the appalling year-to-date performance and lack of a dividend, there are reasons to believe strongly in gamestop's potential.
concerns about an imminent worldwide recession have decreased with the cooling off of the trade war with china. as a result, risk-tolerant investors are beginning to nibble on stocks that have been severely punished in the recent past. even in light of disappointing earnings, gamestop's stock price is up 40% since its august lows.
and the company has a very healthy cash reserve, with shareholder activism increasing pressure for aggressive stock buybacks. the prospect of this alone could send the stock price up, no matter what happens in the near term.
that said, the former hub for all things gaming has lost legions of customers to the expanding digital market. consumers like the convenience of buying games in the digital marketplace, as well as the enticing subscription-based memberships, free games, and discounts it makes available.
as for consoles, hardware sales made up 15% of total company revenue last quarter, down a whopping 41% year over year. this probably won't improve anytime soon; sony's (nyse: sne) latest playstation and microsoft's (nasdaq: msft) refreshed xbox model most likely won't be launched until late 2020 or maybe even 2021.
source: dm martins research, using data from company reports. numbers in millions, except year-over-year difference.
guidance for the rest of 2019 was far below wall street's consensus, with management projecting full-year earnings of $1.15 to $1.30 per share and comparable-store sales declining at a rate in the "low teens" after slumping 11.6% over the past quarter.
"make no mistake, this transition will take time and our sales expectations over the next several quarters will reflect the end of the console cycle and the next generation of consoles later in 2020," gamestop ceo george sherman told investors on a conference call as he outlined the company's turnaround plans. "however, our strategic framework is focused not only on sales, but expanding our gross margin, reducing costs and optimizing inventory management, all of which will lead to continued growth of free cash flow of the business, both in the near term and over the long term."
the good news is that gamestop has $424 million of cash on its balance sheet, almost entirely offset by $419 million in long-term debt. importantly, that's long-term debt -- creditors are not demanding to be paid.
and the company's turnaround strategy is under way, with 200 store closures so far, layoffs, and discounting of old inventory. management is focusing on beefing up their digital offerings with an updated online platform. and with 5,800 store locations in 14 countries, management is also intent on creating social and cultural hubs to attract gamers into the stores, much like the video arcades of the past.
gamestop stock could be volatile in either direction right now, so only the most risk-tolerant investors should commit at this time. the situation will become more clear when sony and microsoft release their new gaming consoles.
consoles are developed in seven-year cycles, and we're currently at the end of one. that means gamers have delayed purchases of sony and microsoft consoles because the current models are considered outdated, lacking exciting new virtual reality, augmented reality, and other desirable features. console growth through 2023 is forecast at 4% in addition to pent-up replacement demand, so investors should watch for gamestop's financials to improve significantly as gamers rush to get the latest and greatest machines in late 2020 or early 2021.
10 stocks we like better than gamestopwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and gamestop wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 teresa kersten, an employee of linkedin, a microsoft subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. anne burdakin has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends microsoft. the motley fool owns shares of gamestop and has the following options: long january 2021 $85 calls on microsoft. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
one of the big challenges facing tech companies today is the risk presented by "deepfake videos."
in essence, deepfake videos are fake news in video format. they create a big problem because it's difficult to detect and to verify whether a video has been altered. it's quite difficult to spot such changes, and new software means the videos are getting even easier to make.
how these tech companies address the issue could have a material effect on their bottom lines, so it's important to know who can be affected and what is being done to deal with this growing problem.
deepfake videos have a lot more potential to spread misinformation than fake news at the moment. these videos make it appear that someone said or did something that didn't actually happen. and unlike ads or articles in print which most readers know can easily be altered and have learned to be more skeptical about, videos potentially add legitimacy to a fake message because the audience is able to see and hear it directly and is unaware that it can be manipulated. the news of deepfakes is beginning to filter out to the public, but not enough people know what is possible these days. deepfakes involving celebrities and well-known individuals create an especially big vulnerability because of the influence those individuals have with the general public and their ability to sway opinions.
even just a misleading voice could be enough to trick people and cause harm. advances in artificial intelligence (ai) have allowed email scammers to take their manipulation games to a whole new level by using voice deepfakes, including one case where a worker was convinced to wire funds after he thought his ceo called him and told him to do it. the more prevalent these deepfakes become, the more risk they present, not only to individuals but also to the corporate world.
facebook (nasdaq: fb), the partnership on ai, microsoft, and representatives from some top academic institutions around the country, are joining forces to try and find a technology that can help people uncover when a video has been altered. to encourage these policing efforts, these representatives together launched the "deepfake detection challenge." the goal of the project, according to the ai.facebook.com site, is simple: "to produce technology that everyone can use to better detect when ai has been used to alter a video in order to mislead the viewer."
at least $10 million has been pledged by facebook to fund the challenge and other efforts, with rewards and research grants being made available to encourage efforts toward developing the technology. fake news has been a big problem for facebook in recent years, as misinformation has been spread on the social media site with some regularity and ceo mark zuckerberg has even apologized to congress for not doing enough to prevent it from happening. deepfake videos, however, present a new challenge for the industry and facebook, specifically, since videos on the internet have become a dominant means for sharing news and other content on the social media site. with a u.s. presidential election coming up in 2020, companies are facing a tight deadline to find a solution, especially given the concerns about the impact fake news had on the 2016 election.
from an investment standpoint, this is a very modest expenditure from facebook to potentially create a very important technology. without a means in place and a way to discern whether a video is a fake or not, users are going to have a hard time trusting what they see and hear on facebook (or any other website for that matter). the social media company has already come under fire for not doing enough to stop fake news, and this is a good way for the company to try and address what could become a potentially much larger problem.
the money spent on this project could prove to be a very good investment for the company, potentially saving it millions more down the road related to legal fees and other troubles that deepfakes can create. by being proactive, facebook has the opportunity to improve its image and show investors and the public its commitment to stopping the spread of fake news in any form. for a stock that was adversely impacted financially by the cambridge analytica scandal, it could help put investors' minds at ease knowing that the company is taking these issues more seriously. and that could lead to a much stronger and more stable stock price going forward.
10 stocks we like better than facebookwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and facebook wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 teresa kersten, an employee of linkedin, a microsoft subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. randi zuckerberg, a former director of market development and spokeswoman for facebook and sister to its ceo, mark zuckerberg, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. david jagielski has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends facebook and microsoft. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $85 calls on microsoft. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
apple (nasdaq: aapl) confirmed pricing and availability for apple tv+ and apple arcade last week. both services will cost $5 per month and can be shared within a family, but that's about where the strategic similarities end. apple arcade launches this thursday, while apple tv+ debuts on nov. 1. the company is taking very different approaches with the services, in part because each one is entering dramatically different markets.
apple has reportedly boosted its original content budget for apple tv+ to a whopping $6 billion, significantly more than the $500 million that the tech giant is investing in its mobile gaming service. yet the mac maker is giving away a free year of apple tv+ to customers that buy hardware, while apple arcade has no such promotion. for those not in the market for a new apple device, apple tv+ will have a seven-day free trial, much shorter than apple arcade's one-month free trial.
in other words, apple is willing to forego recouping its much larger investment in apple tv+ content but wants apple arcade subscribers to open their wallets sooner. the disparity all traces back to the company's relative strength in those respective markets.
apple knows it's coming from behind in video streaming, and the service's value proposition won't stack up favorably next to competing services. the streaming wars are only going to get more intensely competitive over the next year. that's why the tech titan needs to get aggressive with pricing, undercutting many rivals but also offering a far smaller catalog of tv shows and movies.
in contrast, apple is a dominant player in mobile gaming, which accounts for an estimated 74% of mobile consumer spending. consumer spending on mobile gaming is now 20% larger than all other gaming formats combined, and ios monetizes at much stronger levels than android. however, many of the business practices in mobile gaming have devolved to what many critics consider to be predatory, particularly as they relate to children.
the mobile gaming industry is now dominated by freemium titles that monetize with in-app purchases and microtransactions, all while displaying an excessive number of ads for other games that monetize with in-app purchases and microtransactions. it's an endless cycle. apple has faced numerous lawsuits from upset parents over enabling such practices, while simultaneously grappling with accusations that its devices are too addictive.
apple arcade hopes to address those pitfalls. none of the included titles will have ads or in-app purchases, and apple arcade has the potential to improve the underlying economics of mobile games while securing exclusive high-quality titles in order to build its services business. unlike apple tv+'s relatively sparse catalog, apple arcade will launch with over 100 titles.
in mobile gaming, apple is coming from a position of strength while offering a compelling value proposition, so it doesn't need to be nearly as aggressive.
10 stocks we like better than apple
when investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and apple wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
*stock advisor returns as of june 1, 2019
evan niu, cfa owns shares of apple. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends apple. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $155 calls on apple and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
investing is all about getting your money to work for you, and seemingly one of the easiest ways to do that is through dividends. you buy shares of a stalwart business, relax, and watch the checks come in every few months. but there are some big-time mistakes investors make in chasing dividend payments, and some overlooked metrics that are crucial to evaluating which businesses can actually produce decades of income for investors. in this video from our youtube channel, we break down how dividends work, whether investors should be chasing high yield dividend stocks, and how to find the best dividend stocks to help lock in a lifetime of payments. plus, we name two companies that we think are some of the best dividend stocks to buy for 2019 and take questions from the audience watching live!
a full transcript of the conversation will be posted after the broadcast has finished.
10 stocks we like better than walmartwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have an investing tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and walmart wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
{% render_component 'sa-returns-as-of' type='rg'%}
teresa kersten, an employee of linkedin, a microsoft subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. andy cross has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. chris hill has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. jason moser has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends houlihan lokey and microsoft. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $85 calls on microsoft. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
advanced micro devices (nasdaq:) stock is up over 66% in 2019. this is higher than rivals nvidia (nasdaq:) at 36.6% and intel (nasdaq:) at 14.1%. amd stock is also outpacing at least one popular sector exchange-traded fund, the vaneck vectors semiconductor etf (nysearca:) is up about 40%. amd stock is also besting the s&p 500 index, which is up 20% in 2019.
 however, the semiconductor business is notoriously cyclical. plus, amd stock has been trading in a tight range for the entire summer. as fall approaches, the smart play may be to place strategic option contracts that will help you take advantage of short-term price movements.
prior to the second quarter of 2019, amd posted soft revenue growth (on a sequential basis) for the prior three quarters. however, on a year-over-year basis, the q2 results still showed a double-digit revenue decline. furthermore, analysts suspect that the company will likely face declining revenue due to softness in gaming consoles that could affect its revenue for the rest of 2019.
for its part, amd has cut its revenue guidance into the mid-single digits for yoy growth rate. amd is scheduled to report q3 earnings on october 29. analysts are projecting an 8.9% increase in revenue to $1.8 billion.
this is not completely unexpected. amd has not had new products to get investors excited. but that story looks to be changing.
one of the factors depressing amd stock has been a product line that is growing long in the tooth. amd's 400 series polaris line of graphics processing units (gpus) hit the market in 2016. a refreshed 500 series was introduced in 2017.
however, in 2019, rival nvidia released a competing gpu, the gtx1660 that is helping nvda rapidly gain market share in the gaming space. a refreshed line of navi gpu cards, priced competitively at under $250, should help amd recapture some of this lost share.
in the cpu market, the tech publication techquila reported that amd has plans to release in the second half of 2019. the first product to launch will be its ryzen 9 3950x desktop cpu (scheduled for september 30).
then in early october, it plans to launch its third-generation threadripper cpu line-up (extending to as many as 64 cores). these come on the heels of the rome epys server cpus in august. these new processors are generating high demand from enterprise and cloud customers (and are potentially stealing market share from intel).
microsoft (nasdaq:) and sony (nyse:) are expected to launch their next generation of gaming consoles in late 2020. pent-up demand from gamers should give the consoles a lift.
this sets up well for amd stock. wall street analysts are extremely optimistic about the company's 2020 revenue growth. they expect its revenue to grow more than 24% next year.
advanced micro devices stock is just coming down from its 52-week high of $35.55. and the company's forward price-earnings ratio of just under 29 makes the stock expensive. however, amd is projecting earnings increases of 37% for 2019 and 68.3% in fiscal 2020 which could account for the elevated ratio.
the question for investors is whether the new product launches and higher revenue growth can generate enough momentum to push the amd stock price higher. right now, many investors seem to be in "wait and see" mode. that makes some sense. why buy the stock now if the real growth won't occur until 2020?
however, between now and then, there could be a lot of macro-economic catalysts that may give the stock a boost. the federal reserve is cutting interest rates. and there may be a breakthrough, or at a least a continued pause in the ongoing trade war with china. and for its part, amd must post numbers that show the high demand for their servers is not an anomaly.
this is where trading options on amd stock can be an effective trading strategy. sell puts at a price slightly below the current price and place call slightly above the current price. the puts pay you for buying the stock. in the case of the calls, you can get a weekly or monthly premium.
as of this writing, chris markoch did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
editor's note: this article was updated to correct some information about xilinx.
for several years, the basic narrative behind the semiconductor space went something like this: intel (nasdaq:) provided the premium-end processors, and advanced micro devices (nasdaq:) was the poor man's intel. look at the charts, though, and you'll see that this narrative has changed. amd has skyrocketed to low-earth orbit, while intc stock has floundered.
 what has bothered intel's management team the most, however, was amd's production acumen. no longer content on dominating the lower-tier processor categories, the smaller semiconductor firm began flexing its muscle. as i mentioned a few months back, amd at the 2019 computex industry conference. with high-level processors designed to compete and steal market share from intc, intel stock looked incredibly vulnerable.
however, we're starting to see signs that the tide might turn back to intel's favor. recently, the company has made substantial progress with its field-programmable gate arrays, or fpgas. these are modular chips capable of easy configurations to fit multiple functionalities. as such, fpgas are incredibly valuable to companies advancing 5g network technologies. that offers synergistic opportunities that can bolster intc stock.
additionally, intel claims that the agilex fpgas can either impart more performance or less power consumption than its predecessor fpgas. the company claims that the agilex is also useful for data centers, which i don't doubt. as a study from berkeley economic review pointed out, intel has a strong reputation for producing .
best of all, the semiconductor giant snagged microsoft (nasdaq:) as an fpga client. naturally, this is a massive development for intel stock. however, investors remain leery about the equity's choppy manners: can they trust intc?
my answer to the above question is yes. however, it's a nuanced affirmation.
obviously, one of the big challenges with the semiconductor industry is the u.s.-china trade war. if it , as some economists suggest, that may cap growth in the sector. moreover, i'm eyeballing the economic turmoil in germany and europe overall. combined, these headwinds could devastate consumer demand.
that's the bad news for intel stock. the good news is that the u.s. is locked in a with its adversaries. now more than ever, we need our big tech firms to innovate. part of the enthusiasm over the agilex fpgas is our collective progress in the space. additionally, intel has significantly narrowed the production and distribution gap with rival xilinx (nasdaq:), which leads the sector. naturally, this benefits intc stock longer term.
therefore, if you believe that certain semiconductors will perform well even against economic headwinds, you should consider intel stock. because compared to its rival amd, intc at this juncture may have the better outlook.
yes, i'll concede that amd has better sex appeal because of their flashy new processors. also, amd ceo dr. lisa su engineered one of the most remarkable comebacks in business.
at the same time, this is also a "what have you done for me lately" business. and right now, some evidence indicates that amd may have without proper quality control. in the nearer term, that might not matter much. but over the long haul, it could worry clients.
let's face it: in a recession, you want every dollar to count. therefore, when organizations invest in data centers, for instance, they want consistent, reliable performance. in that department, intel has the proven history, bolstering the argument for intc stock.
moreover, if we suffer a recession, i believe the technical argument also supports intc stock. for one thing, amd has ripped out another strong year so far, gaining 71% year-to-date. on the other hand, intel is quite the laggard relatively speaking, up less than 16%.
however, this also helps intel's case, especially if the markets get choppy. amd has enjoyed speculative fervor, and for good reason. but advanced micro is unlikely to continue generating the kind of exciting news to take shares to even higher plateaus.
in contrast, intel shares have been stuck in sideways trading for most of the trailing two-year period. after so much terrible news, shares may experience an upswing. also, don't forget that intel pays you a , giving you some incentive to hold.
as i said before, the semiconductor space has risks. but if you're searching in this area, i'd rather go for the beaten-up name with an exciting product pipeline rather than one that has already enjoyed the red-carpet treatment many times over.
as of this writing, josh enomoto did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
the fed meeting is over and the market uptrend remains intact. here's the key takeaway: bulls should celebrate and traders have a green light for finding stocks to buy.
wednesday's decision to cut the fed's target rate by a quarter-point arrived as expected. while some may quibble over whether the fed was clear enough with its guidance on future rate cuts, the market wasn't upset by the tone at all. yesterday's late-day rally and this morning's quiet open signal the uptrend is alive and well.
and it's not just the s&p 500's uptrend that is bolstering buyers' resolve. it's also the emergence of small-cap stocks as a market leader, and the powerful sector rotation into economically sensitive stocks like industrials.
there are also a bevy of beautiful breakout setups beckoning to profit-seekers. here are three of the best stocks to buy right now.
the interminable trade war has cast a cloud over chinese stocks. but the uncertainty is easing in companies like alibaba (nyse:). baba stock has seen improving price performance over the past two months and is a whisker away from staging a major breakout.
the series of higher pivot lows reveal increasing buying aggression. and the rising 20-day, 50-day, and 200-day moving averages confirm bulls control the trend across all time frames. resistance at $180 is the clear level to watch. it's halted over five rally attempts, but the time has come for its reign to end.
implied volatility is cheap making long call spreads an attractive trade. buy the nov $185/$195 bull call spread for around $3.60.
 a textbook symmetrical triangle pattern is set for completion this morning. microsoft (nasdaq:) is gapping higher on news of a $40 billion buyback plan and dividend increase.
the software sultan boosted the quarterly dividend over 10% from 46 cents to 51 cents. in the prior two fiscal years, msft has bought back $10.72 billion and $19.54 billion worth of shares.
triangle patterns like that seen over the past two months in msft represent coiled springs with plenty of pent-up energy. today's breakout represents the release that should propel microsoft higher moving forward.
 source: thinkorswim
 semiconductor stocks are reclaiming their former glory this month, creating compelling trading setups for consideration. applied materials (nasdaq:) shares are flashing a cup-and-handle pattern that is attempting to breakout this morning. its price trend is powerful across all time frames and volume patterns have been bullish for the past month.
even if this morning's breakout bid fails, i suspect any weakness will be short-lived. because implied volatility is in the tank at the 5th percentile of its one-year range, long option plays are the way to go. buy the jan $52.50/$57.50 bull call spread for $1.95.
as of this writing, tyler craig held bullish positions in baba and msft. check out his recently released to learn how to protect your portfolio from the next crash.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
after the stock bottomed at $120 in june, microsoft corporation (nasdaq:) shares traded to new highs at $141.68. but since august, the stock is stuck in a very narrow trading range at $136. microsoft stock still is modestly high but the p/e has room to expand.
 expect microsoft to report a strong q1 report next month, following last quarter's (q4) results. in the last period, the company reported double-digit growth from all but one segment.
its intelligent cloud division year-on-year, while the more personal computing grew 4%. still, the gross margin of 15% is a 2 point improvement. at an eps of $1.71 or an annualized p/e of 19.9 times, msft stock borders on being too cheap to ignore.
investors may hunt for inexpensive technology stocks like intel (nasdaq:intc), whose p/e is 12.2 times. but intel faces elevating competitive pressures from amd (nasdaq:), so the stock reflects the uncertainties ahead.
microsoft has strong bookings growth in the commercial space. in q4, bookings grew 25%, with the commercial revenue annuity mix accounting for 90% of that total.
the software giant is in the sweet spot of enjoying recurring revenue. its commercial cloud revenue, which made microsoft $11 billion in revenue, enjoyed a gross margin of 65%.
microsoft has many growth catalysts to count on in the next quarter and in 2020. office software sales are benefiting from commercial clients signing up for office 365, and on the consumer market, revenue grew 6% in the last quarter. microsoft now has 34.8 million consumer subscribers. with the apple (nasdaq:) smartphone refresh and android suppliers like samsung and xaomi launching new devices, expect more office 365 sign-ups next year.
the intelligent cloud space enjoys even better growth. azure revenue grew 64%, which suggests microsoft is taking market share from amazon.com's (nasdaq:) aws.
although hardware sales contribute to only a small part of revenue, it too is growing. surface revenue grew 18% in q4/fy2019. microsoft will host the next .
announcing a refreshed surface, one year after the last launch and ahead of the holidays may prove timely. last week, apple announced a new ipad and macbook air. microsoft may announce a surface pro 6 hybrid, an updated surface go tablet, and a surface laptop.
the windows operating system is still at the core of the company's growth ambitions. commercial markets still need new pcs every few years and a stable operating system.
as the market prepares for the end of windows 7 support, expect a surge in sales of windows 10 software. and even though surface device sales brought in $2.05 billion, down from $2.29 billion last year, look for microsoft to enjoy the hype for these products. if surface devices become the standard for the hybrid notebook and tablet form factor, it has a good chance of taking apple's ipad market share.
apple claimed 38.1% of the in the second quarter. samsung, huawei, and amazon claim the number two to four positions. microsoft is not on the list. if idc does not consider the surface as a tablet, it does not matter. microsoft needs to convince consumers and businesses to choose a surface or surface go device over an ipad for work purposes.
analysts who offer a on msft stock think the stock is worth $153.77. this is ~13% above the recent price of $136.33. various dcf ebitda and revenue exit models suggest the stock is trading at close to fair value.
it will take an uptick in revenue growth in the next quarterly report, due next month in october, to justify a higher stock price. chances are good that will happen.
disclosure: as of this writing, the author did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
top technology stocks:
aapl: +0.25%
csco: flat
technology heavyweights were mixed pre-market wednesday. (+) spi energy (spi), which was surging more than 68% after unveiling its newly established hemp and cannabidiol business in partnership with the navajo nation.
(-) adesto technologies (iots) was declining by almost 7% as it announced plans to sell convertible senior notes due 2024 in a private offering to institutional investors to repay debt.
(-) adobe (adbe) was down more than 3% after it provided downbeat guidance for its current fiscal quarter. the company said in its fiscal q3 earnings statement that it anticipates fiscal q4 non-gaap eps of $2.25 on revenue of $2.97 billion. analysts surveyed by capital iq had projected $2.30 of non-gaap eps on $3.02 billion in revenue.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
looking today at week-over-week shares outstanding changes among the universe of etfs covered at etf channel, one standout is the ishares msci acwi etf (symbol: acwi) where we have detected an approximate $89.3 million dollar outflow -- that's a 0.8% decrease week over week (from 146,000,000 to 144,800,000). among the largest underlying components of acwi, in trading today microsoft corporation (symbol: msft) is up about 2.5%, amazon.com inc (symbol: amzn) is up about 0.7%, and johnson & johnson (symbol: jnj) is up by about 0.4%. for a complete list of holdings, visit the acwi holdings page " the chart below shows the one year price performance of acwi, versus its 200 day moving average:
 looking at the chart above, acwi's low point in its 52 week range is $61.01 per share, with $75.06 as the 52 week high point -- that compares with a last trade of $74.73. comparing the most recent share price to the 200 day moving average can also be a useful technical analysis technique -- learn more about the 200 day moving average ".
 exchange traded funds (etfs) trade just like stocks, but instead of ''shares'' investors are actually buying and selling ''units''. these ''units'' can be traded back and forth just like stocks, but can also be created or destroyed to accommodate investor demand. each week we monitor the week-over-week change in shares outstanding data, to keep a lookout for those etfs experiencing notable inflows (many new units created) or outflows (many old units destroyed). creation of new units will mean the underlying holdings of the etf need to be purchased, while destruction of units involves selling underlying holdings, so large flows can also impact the individual components held within etfs.
click here to find out which 9 other etfs experienced notable outflows "
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
microsoft on wednesday announced that its board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.51 per share, reflecting a 5 cent or 11% increase over the previous quarter's dividend. the dividend is payable dec. 12, 2019, to shareholders of record on nov. 21, 2019. the ex-dividend date will be nov. 20, 2019.
the board of directors of great southern bancorp, the holding company for great southern bank, declared a $0.34 per common share dividend for the third quarter of the calendar year ending december 31, 2019. this dividend represents a 6% increase from the previous quarter's dividend of $0.32 per common share. the dividend will be payable on october 14, 2019, to shareholders of record on september 30, 2019. this dividend represents the 119th consecutive quarterly dividend paid by the company to common shareholders.
agilent technologies, today announced that a quarterly dividend of 16.4 cents per share of common stock will be paid on oct. 23, 2019 to all shareholders of record as of the close of business on oct. 1, 2019. target today announced that its board of directors has declared a quarterly dividend of 66 cents per common share. the dividend is payable december 10, 2019, to shareholders of record at the close of business november 20, 2019. the 4th quarter dividend will be the company's 209th consecutive dividend paid since october 1967 when the company became publicly held.
w. p. carey reported today that its board of directors increased its quarterly cash dividend to $1.036 per share, equivalent to an annualized dividend rate of $4.14 per share. the dividend is payable on october 15, 2019 to stockholders of record as of september 30, 2019. the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
in early trading on thursday, shares of microsoft corporation (msft) topped the list of the day's best performing components of the s&p 500 index, trading up 2.4%. year to date, microsoft corporation registers a 39.7% gain.
and the worst performing s&p 500 component thus far on the day is darden restaurants (dri), trading down 3.8%. darden restaurants is showing a gain of 22.5% looking at the year to date performance.
two other components making moves today are newell brands (nwl), trading down 2.9%, and dxc technology (dxc), trading up 2.3% on the day.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
by benjamin rains
apple aapl is once again a $1 trillion company, joining microsoft msft, with shares up 8% in the past month. the tech giant's shares have also jumped over 5% this week as wall street seems pleased with apple's latest round of iphones and its streaming tv plans.
apple unveiled its newest iphones at its now customary pre-holiday shopping season event on tuesday, led by ceo tim cook and other top executives. the firm showed off three new iphones, under the new 11 branding.
the smartphones feature apple's somewhat standard updates, which include better battery life and faster processors. what separates the two new higher-priced smartphones (iphone 11 pro & 11 pro max: starting at $999) from their less expensive peer (iphone 11: starting at $699), is a triple-camera system. apple also dropped the price of last year's iphone xr by 20% ($599), with the iphone 8 starting at $449.
consumers might be more prone to buy the higher-end iphone 11s because the price points roughly match last year's new high-end models--after years of rising prices. perhaps more importantly, the new iphone 11 base model is actually $50 cheaper than last year's comparable offering. clearly, apple wants to give consumers every reason possible to upgrade to new phones after a year of poor iphone sales, especially since there is nothing earth-shattering about the new phones.
apple tv+ & services wall street, investors, and apple fans have waited for more details on apple's foray into the streaming tv world for months. they now have all they can hope for until they get to use the streaming service for the first time on november 1--disney+ debuts on nov. 12. anyone who buys a new iphone, ipad, mac, or other qualifying devices will get a year worth of apple tv+ for free. the service will otherwise cost $4.99 per month, after a seven-day free trial and be available on the apple tv app.
apple's streaming tv offering is clearly priced to move, as it comes in well below hbo go's t $14.99 per month, netflix's nflx $15.99 premium plan, amazon amzn prime's $12.99--which comes with shipping perks--and disney+ at $6.99. aside from trying not to force users into a decision between apple+ or netflix, the price-point represents how little content will be available at launch.
apple tv+ will feature roughly 10 shows at launch, including a fictional space race-era show called for all mankind, a show starring jennifer aniston, reese witherspoon, and steve carell titled the morning show, and post-apocalyptic drama see. apple will then slowly build up its library of shows, which is set to feature more a-list hollywood stars both in front of and behind the camera. the iphone maker is also likely viewing apple tv+ as a kind of loss-leader for now, since it reportedly spent roughly $15 million an episode to make see.
apple is making a long-term play to convert more of its roughly 1 billion hardware users into services customers. this business, which includes its app store, spotify spot challenger apple music, a monthly magazine-heavy news service, and an apple credit card, will also soon feature apple arcade. the company's big push into the video game world will feature access to roughly 100 titles for $4.99 per month and launch on september 19. apple hopes to grab a piece of the $68.5 billion global mobile game market.
the ongoing u.s. and china trade war spooked some apple investors early, but cook has been in constant contact with president trump and its biggest products have remained untouched. plus, the last few days have seen both china and the u.s. slightly change their tunes as the two sides prepare to meet once again in a few weeks.
apple's iphone sales did slip in each of the last three quarters, as did the firm's greater china revenue. the company has found it harder to sell its higher-priced smartphones in a market with so many less expensive options available.
meanwhile, iphone sales slipped on the back of hard to compare periods, which means a 2020 turn around could be in store. in fact, apple's sales popped 1% last quarter (q3 fiscal 2019) after revenue slipped 5.1% in q2 and 4.5% in q1. q4 outlook & beyond looking ahead, apple's fourth-quarter 2019 revenue is projected to slip 0.56% from the year-ago period to $62.55 billion, based on our zacks consensus estimates. this, however, comes against q4 2018's 20% top-line expansion. overall, aapl's full-year fiscal 2019 revenue is projected to dip 2.7% to reach $258.28 billion.
apple's first quarter 2020 revenue, which includes the key holiday shopping period, is expected to jump 1.5% to $85.54 billion. peeking further ahead, aapl's fiscal 2020 revenue is projected to climb 3.8% above our 2019 estimate to touch $268.01 billion and top 2018's figure.
at the bottom end of the income statement, apple is expected to see its q4 earnings sink 2.75%, with full-year 2019's eps figure set to fall 1.85%. then, apple's q1 2020 earnings are projected to surge 6.2% over the prior-year quarter, with full-year 2020 expected to come in 11.5% above our 2019 estimates.
along with apple's strong 2020 growth outlook, the firm has seen its earnings estimate revision picture trend heavily upward recently, especially for q4 and fiscal 2019. aapl is a zacks rank #3 (hold) at the moment that sports an "a" grade for momentum in our style scores system.
we can see that apple has traded at a higher forward price/sales ratio over the last year (4.2 vs. current 3.8). more importantly, apple is the only of the so-called faang stocks that pays a dividend. the company's current annualized dividend is $3.08 per share, for a 1.38% yield. this compares relatively favorably to the 10-year u.s. treasury note's 1.7%.
apple also has over $200 billion in cash on hand, which means it is likely to continue its massive buyback program. therefore, investors should consider aapl stock as a safe-haven investment, amid our current market uncertainty, with the added potential for big gains.
breakout biotech stocks with triple-digit profit potential
the biotech sector is projected to surge beyond $775 billion by 2024 as scientists develop treatments for thousands of diseases. they're also finding ways to edit the human genome to literally erase our vulnerability to these diseases.
zacks has just released century of biology: 7 biotech stocks to buy right now to help investors profit from 7 stocks poised for outperformance. our recent biotech recommendations have produced gains of +98%, +119% and +164% in as little as 1 month. the stocks in this report could perform even better.see these 7 breakthrough stocks now>>
want the latest recommendations from zacks investment research? today, you can download 7 best stocks for the next 30 days. click to get this free report
 amazon.com, inc. (amzn): free stock analysis report
 netflix, inc. (nflx): free stock analysis report
 at&t inc. (t): free stock analysis report
 apple inc. (aapl): free stock analysis report
 microsoft corporation (msft): free stock analysis report
 spotify technology sa (spot): free stock analysis report
 to read this article on zacks.com click here.
 zacks investment research
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
there's a simple bull case for nokia (nyse:) stock at the moment. 5g rollouts worldwide should drive demand growth for nokia products. the company itself is projecting sharp earnings growth in 2020. and nok stock is cheap, at 11.7x the midpoint of 2020 eps guidance.
 that said, there's also a simple bear case for nokia stock: we've been here before. nok stock seemingly has been a turnaround play for most of this decade - and had similarly impressive near-term catalysts along the way.
none of those catalysts have reversed the trend. nok stock is down 40% over the past five years, and has lost two-thirds of its value in the last decade. maybe this time is different - but the history of the tech industry, too, suggests a difficult path to upside, even with a current valuation that looks rather cheap.
as i detailed earlier this year, nokia to drive growth -- and reverse the narrative surrounding the stock. the $7 billion sale of the company's phone business to microsoft (nasdaq:) turned out to be a brilliant deal. microsoft wound up losing at least $8 billion, and finally exited at . yet the huge cash infusion did little for nok stock.
indeed, nokia used that cash to help bankroll its acquisition of alcatel-lucent, which was to . that thesis didn't pan out. the company then re-entered the phone business. that plan hasn't worked.
the story now is 5g. an admittedly strong second quarter earnings report about customer retention in the shift from 4g. nokia expects the full benefit to start hitting its p&l in 2020. and the staggered pace of the global rollout suggests that demand should continue for years to come.
that said, nokia already has admitted that it will struggle to hit its 2019 eps guidance. wall street, for what it's worth, is betting against 2020 projections as well. consensus of $0.40 is below the company's range of eur0.37-eur0.42 ($0.41-$0.45). the story is attractive -- but it's been attractive before. for this entire decade, nokia simply hasn't been able to fulfill its potential.
to be fair, it's not easy to execute a turnaround, particularly in tech. there are no shortage of companies who, like nokia, have struggled to adapt.
there have been some winners. microsoft itself is the most obvious one. it was only six years ago that microsoft stock had traded sideways for a decade. earnings growth had been . microsoft is now the most valuable company in the world.
but microsoft is a software play. in hardware, products can become 'commoditized'. and competition from china, in particular, is much stiffer. indeed, huawei has taken significant market share, with its another potential tailwind for nok stock.
and in hardware, turnarounds have been difficult. ibm (nyse:) touched a nine-year low late last year. oracle (nyse:) has returned 9% over the past two years while broad markets have risen sharply. blackberry (nasdaq:) has been a perpetual "next year" story as both a hardware play and, more recently, a software play. post-split gains for hewlett packard enterprise (nyse:) have stalled out. nokia rival ericsson (nasdaq:) is down 37% over the past five years, a performance in line with that of nokia stock.
there's really only old-line large-cap hardware play that has driven consistent gains: cisco systems (nasdaq:). and that company has scale and market dominance that nokia simply doesn't have.
to be sure, history alone doesn't suggest that nok stock can't rally this time. there is an opportunity in 5g. the hit to huawei's reputation at least weakens a key competitor. and nokia stock is cheap enough if guidance is hit.
but nok also is a classic "this time is different" case. and as the old saw goes, those are the four most dangerous words in investing. that's been true in the past for nokia and many similar tech plays. it could be true this time as well.
as of this writing, vince martin has no positions in any securities mentioned.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
it sounds and seems impossible, but we're within sight of the end of 2019, and the beginning of 2020. the new year is only fifteen weeks away, which isn't too soon to start thinking about restructuring stock portfolios.
the economy is still in reasonably good shape, which bodes well for stocks. it would be naive to believe the coming year, however, is going to look like a year that's about to wind down. as market conditions change and the economic growth cycle matures, different areas thrive, while others struggle.
with that as the backdrop, here's a rundown of ten stocks to watch as 2019 comes to a close and 2020 gears up. now may not be the ideal time to step into them, but now's when they should be added to watchlists for due diligence purposes. notice that not all of them are high-profile names, but they're each positioned nicely for growth ... more so than most of their peers.
source: achinthamb / shutterstock.com
it's not a name that needs much in the way of an introduction. alphabet (nasdaq:, nasdaq:googl) is, of course, the parent to search engine giant google, though the company is so much more than a search engine. email, cloud-based platforms galore and the world's most popular mobile device operating system all funnel people into the google ecosystem.
yes, that sheer size has become something of a liability. the world is distrustful of one company knowing so much about each and every person who connects to the web to use a google-provided service. even without a clear end-goal, seem to be on a mission to declaw the company's reach.
it just doesn't matter. even a better-contained google will still , each of which ultimately represents revenue.
source: jonathan weiss / shutterstock.com
it's a misnomer to say amazon (nasdaq:) has put every single small brick-and-mortar retailer on its heels. ulta beauty (nasdaq:), which sells skincare and hair care products as well as perfume and cosmetics via more than a thousand stores in the u.s. is doing just fine.
granted, that wasn't the case a week ago, when the stock was standing in the shadow of its own 30%+ selloff that materialized in a matter of days. quarterly revenue as well as earnings , and that news was made worse to contracted full-year guidance.
as at the time though, "any and all slowdowns in the u.s. personal care industry over the past two decades have been small and short-lived. during that stretch, personal care sales have risen at a fairly steady 4% compounded annual growth rate, and there have never been back-to-back years of declines."
source: sundry photography / shutterstock.com
it's another name that doesn't need any description -- add walmart (nyse:) to your list of stocks to watch for the coming year.
there was a time not too long ago when the world's biggest retailer didn't necessarily deserve such acknowledgement. its web presence was a joke (given its size), and the organization almost demonstrated a kind of contempt for its customers.
the company has managed to make a near-180-degree turnaround from those dark days though. last quarter's , while e-commerce grew an incredible 37% year-over-year. both extended long streaks of comparable quarterly growth.
the additional reason wmt stock ranks among the best stocks to watch for 2020: even if we should slip into a recession, the nature of walmart's business keeps it pretty well shielded.
source: pavel kapysh / shutterstock.com
american tower (nyse:) isn't exactly a household name, although it's likely someone that lives in your household who consistently relies on the company's service. american tower owns a network of 171,000 cell phone towers all over the world, leasing access to them to wireless telecom service providers like verizon communications (nyse:) and t-mobile (nasdaq:).
clearly the need for this infrastructure is never going to go away. in fact, we're entering a period where demand for mobile device connectivity towers could explode.
the advent of is that driving force. with it, wireless internet speeds are rivaling more traditional coaxial and dsl (phone line broadband) speeds, opening the door to a whole new data-centric paradigm. american tower believes the amount of data transmitted via mobile devices will quadruple by 2023, and is preparing now to help wireless service providers meet the need.
source: shutterstock
copart (nasdaq:) is another name that may not be terribly familiar to most investors, but is one of the top stocks to watch as we move into what will likely turn out to be the latter stages of an economic growth cycle.
copart, in simplest terms, is an . it sells wrecked vehicles -- some more wrecked than others -- to repair shops that need a lot of parts for a particular model of vehicle, or it sells these damaged vehicles to individuals looking for a fixer-upper project.
it's a resilient business, with the company able to drive reasonably steady sales and earnings growth regardless of the auto market environment. neither the 2008 lull nor the move into the 2015 frenzy that became known as "peak auto" appears to have made much of an impact on the company's .
in other words, cprt stock is a nice all-weather play.
source: jonathan weiss / shutterstock.com
paypal holdings (nasdaq:) may have become the dominant name in the business first, but square (nyse:) is coming on strong now. in june, instinet analysts dan dolev and conan leon believe, square's so-called cash app was downloaded more than paypal's comparable app.
it's only anecdotal evidence that suggests paypal's best days are behind it while square's best days are ahead. nevertheless, it's a powerful, telling data nugget that points to a bigger trend.
raw numbers tell the rest of the story. as the idea of a cashless society continues to gain acceptance, analysts are looking for square to grow its top line by 43% this year, driving a 64% increase in per-share profits. next year's 34% revenue growth is forecasted to improve net income to the tune of 44%. that's apt to happen regardless of the condition of the economy at the time.
source: shutterstock
speaking of companies that shouldn't be impacted by economic turbulence, add exact sciences (nasdaq:) to your list of stocks to watch for 2020.
you may know the company better than you think you know it, if the name doesn't ring a bell. exact sciences is the developer of the at-home , which was well-touted through the use of television advertising after its 2014 approval. that's not all the company does, but it's certainly the current claim to fame.
that being said, the organization's pipeline and diagnostic know-how is about to expand in a big way. in july, exact sciences announced its genomic health (nasdaq:), which will dovetail nicely into the dna-based diagnostics work the company was already doing.
source: shutterstock
as the old adage goes, there's nothing certain in life but death and taxes. the statement isn't entirely accurate though. in addition to death and taxes, as long as humans walk the face of the earth, they'll be producing garbage and paying someone to haul it away for them.
enter waste management (nyse:) ... a long-established landfill and garbage truck operator that has also embraced the more modern concept of turning trash into treasure. that is to say, waste management has gotten serious about converting landfill gas into energy, annually collecting enough methane to produce 4.5 million megawatt-hours worth of electricity.
perhaps more important, the company has the "steady-eddie" results to make it a solid buy for an unclear future. through the top line ebbs and flows, it bigger and better than ever.
source: gguy / shutterstock.com
there was a time in the increasingly distant past when microsoft (nasdaq:) wasn't fully prepared for the modern era of computing. cloud-based everything is the new norm, and the advent of mobile/wireless connectivity has opened the door to a whole new kind of cybersecurity need. indeed, the internet is now the centerpiece of how most businesses operate.
ceo satya nadella had his finger on the pulse of the future when he took the helm in 2014, ramping up the company's presence in the all-important cloud market. its azure platform has become a wildly popular means for companies to manage their cloud, with , while business people and enterprise-level users love the fact that they can access their productivity programs like word and excel online, in any web browser.
the shift has been a win for microsoft as well though. all of these new cloud-based offerings? they drive recurring, subscription-based revenue, allowing the company to know what the short-term and long-term top line will look like.
source: finally, add church & dwight (nyse:) to your list of stocks to watch for 2020.
it's in the same vein as procter & gamble (nyse:) and unilever (nyse:), although not nearly as big as either of those more familiar players. that's not necessarily a problem though. indeed, it seems as if the massive size that once allowed the likes of p&g to be a powerhouse has since become something of a liability.
to that end, like arm & hammer, oxi-clean, orajel, nair and others are small enough to let them be the alternative to the most recognizable products in each major consumer goods category ... big brand names consumers are increasingly shunning, even if just on principle.
the company's got the proof that being smaller works. in only one quarter since 2006 has church & dwight failed to on a year-over-year basis. the pros are calling for revenue growth of more than 5% this year and next year as well.
as of this writing, james brumley held a long position in alphabet. you can learn more about him at his website , or follow him on twitter, at @jbrumley.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
top technology stocks:
aapl: +0.01%
csco: -0.12%
top technology stocks were mixed in thursday's pre-bell trading. (-) ncr (ncr), which was down more than 3% after it priced the offering of about 9.1 million of its common shares at $32.75 apiece. the shares are being offered by firms affiliated with blackstone group (bx) in connection with the companies' previously announced agreement to retire 512,221 series a convertible preferred shares that blackstone holds in ncr.
(+) microsoft (msft) was gaining more than 1% in value as it announced an 11% increase in dividend to $0.51 and a recently approved share buyback program of up to $40 billion.
(=) science applications international (saic) was flat after it secured a three-year task order from the australian department of defense to provide tactical data links support for the australian military.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
by daniel sparks
the apple (nasdaq: aapl) product launch on tuesday was packed with news. on the hardware front, the tech giant released the iphone 11, iphone 11 pro, and iphone 11 pro max; the apple watch series 5, and a new version of the entry-level ipad. but the tech company also shared more details on two of its upcoming services: apple arcade and apple tv+.
with the iphone segment accounting for over half of apple's revenue, it was no surprise that the company's latest versions were the main event for the keynote. but what was interesting is that it wasn't necessarily the flagship iphone that stole the show on tuesday. instead, it was the aggressive pricing of the new iphone 11 and the subsequent price cut to the current iphone xr that grabbed the spotlight.
here's a look at the newest iphones, and why the competitive pricing was a narrative that caught investors' attention.
the iphone 11. image source: apple.
as was the case last year, the lineup is made up of three new iphones: one lower-cost iphone and two high-end models. to differentiate the two higher-end smartphones from the cheapest new one, apple gave the more expensive models a "pro" designation this year.
iphone 11 (starting at $699): in many ways, this is the successor to the iphone xr that apple launched last year. priced lower than the iphone 11 pro and iphone 11 pro max, it is available in more colors, has a liquid crystal display (lcd) instead of the organic light-emitting diode (oled) version on the higher-end models, and has a display that measures 6.1 inches. setting it apart from the iphone xr, the new phone has a better camera, improved battery life, and apple's new a13 bionic processor.
iphone 11 pro (starting at $999): compared with the iphone 11, the iphone 11 pro has a smaller display size of 5.8 inches. but it has an oled display, and an even better camera system than the iphone 11. it also includes the latest a13 bionic chip.
iphone 11 pro max (starting at $1,099): the new flagship iphone replaces the iphone xs max. it is mostly the same as the iphone 11 pro but has a 6.5-inch display and five more hours of battery life compared with the iphone xs max, giving it the longest battery life of any iphone. while the iphone 11 certainly isn't cheap, it's notably priced $50 lower than the iphone xr's $749 starting price last year. perhaps even more surprising, apple dropped the price of its one-year-old iphone xr by $150, to $599.
the aggressive pricing could give the iphone segment a much-needed boost. its revenue has been declining, and iphone unit sales, which the company stopped reporting as they started to trend downward, are likely still falling as well.
as apple transitions to a business model that is focused on monetizing its base of active users with an increasingly robust slate of services, it makes sense to make its iphones more affordable. this could reinvigorate unit sales growth, which could ultimately bolster the company's installed base of active users, who it can monetize with apps and services in the coming years.
10 stocks we like better than apple
when investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and apple wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 daniel sparks has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends apple. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
it was a very quiet day in the stock market today, with the s&p 500 and dow jones industrial average finishing close to flat on thursday.
the spdr s&p 500 etf (nysearca:) fell 1 basis point, the spdr dow jones industrial average (nysearca:) dropped 0.2% and the powershares qqq etf (nasdaq:) rallied almost 0.2%.
we've had a lot of news to digest lately, even though the stock market continues to chop around close to its high. the spy etf actually made a new all-time high on thursday, albeit briefly.
however, we've now seen significant moves in bonds, gold, high-growth tech stocks and have seen the s&p 500 break out of its august trading range. further, investors heard from the federal reserve on wednesday that it will cut interest rates. to top it all off, u.s.-china trade war headline risks are still possible.
it's been a complex couple of weeks. it also has some investors wondering what asset class will make the next big move. will it be bitcoin?
bitcoin bounced hard off its $9,600 lows today, but the charts do not look all that great. the cryptocurrency is below most of its major moving averages, with the exception of the 200-day. worse though, it's making a series of lower highs as resistance squeezes it against support down near $9,360.
this pattern is known as a descending triangle, a bearish technical setup where investors are looking for resistance to break the asset price below support. in this case, a break below $9,360 support could send bitcoin down to its 200-day moving average, currently near $8,000.
if bitcoin can hurdles its 20-day, 50-day and 100-day moving averages, as well as downtrend resistance -- which would require a move north of $10,500 presently -- then we have a breakout on our hands.
the best setup for investors may be to wait and see which one comes first, and then place their respective trades. that's opposed to guessing whether it will breakout or breakdown.
investors can also trade bitcoin via the grayscale bitcoin trust (otcmkts:), shown below.
microsoft (nasdaq:) stock hit new all-time highs after the company announced a $40 billion buyback plan and upped its dividend by 11% to 51 cents per share. while the payout remains stubbornly low -- yielding just under 1.5% -- keep in mind that msft stock is up nearly 150% over the past three years. in 2019 alone, it's up about 25%.
it continues to lead mega-cap tech in market cap too, now trading with a $1.1 trillion valuation.
tesla's (nasdaq:) model 3 received the top safety rating from the insurance institute of highway safety. that's the first of tesla's four vehicles to receive the designation, if we're including the original roadster.
airbnb says the company in 2020 after earlier announcing that it generated $2 billion in revenue in the second quarter. while there were rumblings of a 2019 ipo at one point, there's little surprise this one isn't coming this year. the lackluster response from the public for uber (nyse:), lyft (nasdaq:), slack (nyse:) and certainly we didn't help matters.
roku (nasdaq:) tumbled more than 13% on wednesday and was set for another nauseating run on thursday. in pre-market trading, shares were down more than 5% at one point. however, after the company announced several new streaming products, shares ended the day higher, climbing 3% on thursday. let's see if the recent lows can stick. otherwise, this may just be a dead-cat bounce before more lows are made.
according to reports, at&t (nyse:) is reportedly weighing whether to divest its directv unit. this could come via spinoff or potentially a combination with dish network (nasdaq:). at&t acquired the asset in 2015 for nearly $50 billion.
the asset generates solid cash flow for at&t, but with its bloated balance sheet and the continual loss of subscribers due to cord-cutting, directv is a business that investors bemoan. at&t has since it's not considering the move, but shares still rallied roughly 1% on the day.
bret kenwell is the manager and author of and is on twitter @bretkenwell. as of this writing, bret kenwell is long roku and t. the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
we are leading [starbucks] to try to redefine the role and responsibility of a public company.-- howard schultz, former starbucks chairman and ceo
the seattle-based coffeehouse chain single-handedly changed the way north americans think about a great cup of coffee -- but starbucks (nasdaq: sbux) has never been simply another place to get great coffee. from the outset, visionary leader howard schultz wanted to create an atmosphere for people to meet -- a third place other than home and work. schultz emphasized employees' (now called partners) welfare, training, and benefits, as he considered them to be ambassadors for the company. starbucks is committed to fair trade and is widely considered an esg (environmental, social, and governance) investment.
schultz first joined the company in 1982 and while traveling in italy was struck by the numbers of coffee bars and how people would meet and socialize in them. he persuaded the directors to open a coffeehouse in seattle, which became wildly successful. starbucks was a roastery that sold packaged coffee before schultz persuaded the directors to open a coffee shop. but in 1985, he left to form his own coffee chain, il giornale. just two years later, he purchased starbucks and merged the two companies.
from that single coffeehouse in 1984, starbucks has grown to more than 30,000 stores, 400,000 employees, and annual sales of $26 billion. starbucks uses a blended model in which it owns many of its stores and also licenses stores. today, starbucks serves more than 100 million customer occasions each week.
in may, the company issued a $1 billion sustainability bond following two previous sustainability bonds issued in 2016 and 2017. the bonds support coffee farmers and greener retail, as the company has a target to have 10,000 greener stores by 2025. interestingly, the greener store framework was developed in partnership with the world wildlife fund (wwf). starbucks' cfo patrick grismer said, "the bond demonstrates starbucks' commitment to meaningful, continual progress toward our aspiration of sustainable coffee, served sustainably." grismer said starbucks' leadership in social and environmental responsibility "is a defining element of who we are as a company."
starbucks is on the dow jones sustainability index, is rated no. 14 and the highest retailer on the drucker institute holistic company ranking, and is no. 5 on fortune's world's most admired companies. it's included in many other esg-related lists, including barron's 100 most sustainable u.s. companies, forbes' america's best large employers, and sustainalytics' global sustainability index, as well as ranking on ethisphere's world's most ethical companies list for 12 years in a row.
starbucks possesses many positive qualities on the motley fool's esg checklist, but to get a better understanding of what makes the coffee chain a high-esg stock, let's analyze the company using the motley fool's 10-question framework for esg compounders.
yes. the company has a 3.8 (out of 5) u.s. employee rating on glassdoor -- not too shabby but not enough to make it into the top 100 employers on glassdoor. in fact, 76% of employees approve of ceo kevin johnson, and 74% would recommend the company to a friend.
starbucks was one of the first companies in the u.s. to offer health benefits to part-time workers and currently pays 70% of premium costs and 100% of preventative-care costs. it always refers to its employees as partners and offers opportunities that few employers emulate. in 2014, it set up the starbucks college achievement plan (scap), an online bachelor's degree program through arizona state university with full tuition coverage for partners who work 20 hours a week or more. so far, 2,900 partners have graduated, and 12,000 are currently participating. the company benefits from this program; almost 20% of people applying to starbucks said scap is the driving reason they applied. partners in the program stay about 50% longer and are promoted at three times the normal rate.
the company is committed to excellence in training partners. in 2012, it held a global leadership conference for 10,000 store managers and regional leaders. this month, it repeated the event for 12,000 partners. at the conference, the company announced it will enhance its mental health initiatives with input from mental health experts and partners. store managers will be trained in mental health first aid, which teaches laypeople how to help someone with mental illness. this initiative enhances the employee assistance program, which provides short-term counseling. by january 2020, partners in the u.s. and canada will have access to subscriptions to headspace, a guided meditation app.
areas for improvement: starbucks could improve the barista experience by addressing worker complaints listed on glassdoor reviews. it would be a better experience for workers if starbucks allowed more breaks, more vacation, and more reasonable working hours.
yes. this is a qualified yes for a company that is so reliant on single-use packaging to sell its goods. however, starbucks does try to reduce its impact on the environment in numerous ways. since 1985, it has offered a discount of 10 cents per cup to customers who bring their own reusable cup. it has also developed a recyclable lid that will replace a billion plastic straws per year, and the company is committed to achieving that by 2020. the company is making efforts to find next-generation recyclable or compostable cups via the nextgen cup consortium and challenge.
at the recent leadership conference, johnson announced that the company plans to operate 10,000 green stores by 2025. johnson said that "one of our social impact pillars is sustainability." for the past decade, starbucks has worked with the u.s. green building council on the leadership in energy and environmental design (leed) for retail and currently operates more than 1,500 leed-certified stores. the new initiative will go beyond leed, with the focus on powering u.s. and canada stores with 100% renewable energy, using technology that is estimated to save 25% to 30% on energy and water use. the initiative will be developed in partnership with leading experts including scs global services and wwf.
investing in renewable energy is not new for starbucks. in 2004, it took the first inventory of its own greenhouse gas emissions and found that 70% came from the purchase of electricity to power stores. by 2015, it had achieved its goal of powering company-operated stores 100% from renewable energy. also in 2015, it signed on to re100 and committed to source 100% renewable energy for all global stores, supply chains, and headquarters. according to the environmental protection agency, starbucks is the ninth-largest user of renewable energy in the u.s.
areas for improvement: starbucks could go further by developing an easily and fully recyclable or compostable cup.
yes. the company is committed to gender and racial pay equity, inclusion, and equal opportunity for all partners. it is equally committed to employing veterans (25,000 veterans and military spouses) and is proud to champion equal rights for people who identify as lgbtq. customers who want a reusable cup can even buy a starbucks-branded pride cup.
the company scores 100% on the human rights campaign corporate equality index. after a widely reported event in april 2018, starbucks closed 8,000 u.s. stores to conduct anti-bias training for 175,000 partners. the catalyst for the companywide training was that two young african american entrepreneurs were waiting to conduct a business meeting in a philadelphia store, the manager called the police, and they were taken away in handcuffs. the two people were in the store less than 10 minutes and had not yet ordered. the unfortunate event should never have happened, but the company's response demonstrated seriousness and urgency.
its commitment to veterans and military spouses goes further than the impressive employment numbers. the company is committed to hiring 5,000 more each year and has held 500 hiring fairs in the u.s. to help transitioning veterans and military spouses. they are guaranteed 80 hours of military service pay when called away for national guard or reserve duty. by 2022, the company will have 132 stores in military communities, and it also donates millions of cups of coffee to deployed units around the world.
of the 46 people listed on the company's leadership page, 19 are women, including chief operating officer rosalind brewer, who is african american. five of the 13 members of the board of directors are women.
areas for improvement: the company should have clearer and less ambiguous policies on when to call 911.
yes. the board of directors has an independent chair and vice chair who have the responsibility to communicate to the ceo between board meetings. it is a strong board and notably includes microsoft ceo satya nadella and other impressive executives. importantly, 10 of its directors are independent. the company has corporate governance principles for the board as well as a code of ethics for senior executives. from the corporate governance principles:
the board believes that strong corporate governance should include year-round engagement with our shareholders with a focus on creating long-term, sustainable value and having high regard for the interests of all stakeholders.
board members must hold shares in the company and may only hold one other directorship of a publicly traded company.
the company's starbucks standards of business conduct focuses on ethics and compliance:
as a global company, we are subject to the highest standards of ethical conduct and behavior. the standards of business conduct help us make decisions in our daily work and demonstrate that we take our legal and ethical responsibilities seriously.
these standards support the company's mission and values, which are well worth reading for any company seeking to emulate starbucks' ethical leadership.
mission: to inspire and nurture the human spirit -- one person, one cup and one neighborhood at a time.
values: with our partners, our coffee and our customers at our core, we live these values:
yes. there is no doubt starbucks has invested with the environment and social responsibility in mind for a long time. we've already mentioned several initiatives: greener stores, 100% renewable energy, care for and investment in its coffee farmers and their communities, and the sustainability bond.
the company has a strong link with the communities in which its stores operate. in 2016, the company partnered with feeding america to form the starbucks foodshare program, which packaged eligible unsold food items every evening and delivered the food to local nonprofits around the u.s. to date, 20 million meals have been donated through the program. the starbucks foundation supports organizations working to create job and education opportunities for young people. it also encourages stores and partners to participate in service projects -- completing 78,000 hours in 2018 alone.
yes. the company has $4.8 billion in cash and cash equivalents against $11.2 billion in debt, as well as a bbb+ credit rating from s&p global. its debt load seems rather high, but management gets a pat on the back for great capital allocation. two years ago, its debt was at $3.9 billion and cash at $3 billion, a much more attractive balance. the extra debt was used to buy back a boatload of shares while they were relatively cheap and below our estimate of fair value. that's a great deal for shareholders.
in those two years, the diluted share count was reduced by 16.6%. we do not expect that debt to be reduced, because in 2018, the company decided to use more leverage. but neither do we expect it to increase, as the company has said it will resume normal and lower share repurchases after pulling forward $2 billion of 2020 repurchases into 2019 to take advantage of lower prices. that makes sense, as shares now trade close to our estimate of fair value.
yes. the company has set long-term targets of 7% to 9% revenue, 8% to 10% operational income, and more than 10% eps growth. that is all organic, without acquisitions. the biggest revenue growth driver is its new store openings. the company has more than 30,000 stores worldwide and is opening 2,000 net new stores this fiscal year -- approximately 600 in the americas (mostly u.s.) and 600 in china. the china store base grew 16% year over year to 3,900, and the company continues to open new stores at a rate exceeding one store per day. we expect new store growth to continue at these levels for at least five years. the flagship starbucks roasteries and reserve stores serve to enhance the aspirational impact of the brand and add a halo effect to all stores. reserve coffees are available in many regular stores.
same-store sales will add 3% to 4% to revenue growth, which is driven by pricing power, new food and beverage items, and digital engagement with customers. the starbucks rewards program and mobile order and pay drove 2% of the recent quarter's same-store sales increase in the u.s.. rewards members active in the past 90 days total 17.2 million, up 14% year over year. this is highly important, as rewards members accounted for 42% of u.s. tender. china has 9.1 million active rewards members, up 36% from last year and 10% from the previous quarter.
according to emarketer, starbucks has the most widely used payments app in the u.s., with 23.4 million users, and is ahead of apple pay and google pay. it is truly impressive that a coffeehouse chain has the most successful mobile payment app in the u.s. this demonstrates starbucks' commitment to investing in digital innovation to deepen its relationship with its customers.
starbucks' partnership with restaurant tech company brightloom will enhance starbucks' already impressive digital flywheel. this is a key advantage, as digital engagement with customers drives increased sales. starbucks' digital initiatives are no surprise, since johnson was previously with microsoft (nasdaq: msft) for 16 years and was ceo of juniper networks (nyse: jnpr) for five years before joining starbucks in 2009.
starbucks delivers is another growth driver in both countries. in the u.s., the delivery partner is uber eats, and in china, it's alibaba. starbucks' partnership with nestle (otc: nsrgy) through its global coffee alliance positions it to become a major player in consumer packaged goods.
yes. over the last five years to september 2018, the company produced cash from operations (net of litigation accruals and unearned income as we are looking at cash-generating ability) averaging around $4 billion per year and increasing significantly over that time. capital expenditures averaged $1.48 billion, acquisitions $319 million, and divestitures $153 million for net free cash flow averaging around $2.35 million. free cash flow is variable from year to year, but the long-term trend is upward and driven by increased revenues and increased operational margins.
roic has decreased somewhat over the last three years, but it's still high and should remain high in the future, because starbucks has a wide moat, and roic is a factor in management compensation.
yes. every presentation given by schultz and johnson speaks to the long-term growth and the social and environmental impact of the business. the pay structure incentivizes long-term performance -- although it is truly more medium-term, but at least there's a high degree of variable pay.
the long term is 71% of total possible compensation and is 60% dependent on achieving two-year eps targets -- but can be modified downward if roic targets are not maintained. the remaining 40% is based on share price appreciation. these stipulations are average and not particularly long term, but it's positive that roic plays a part.
yes. starbucks is classified between medium and medium-low on the risk scale. it has a competitive moat based on its global scale, its ubiquitous brand, its digital connection with customers, and a focus on esg and the success of all stakeholders. starbucks has become part of the daily routine of millions of people around the world -- remember, it serves 100 million customer occasions each and every week!
the company faces strong competition from dunkin' donuts (nasdaq: dnkn), mcdonald's (nyse: mcd), privately held jab holding (which owns several brands including peet's coffee, keurig green mountain, and panera bread), and myriad smaller specialty coffee chains.
there are few barriers to entry, but starbucks' position as a premium brand attracts more affluent customers and gives it ample pricing power. during a recession, consumer discretionary spending is reduced, and starbucks is likely to temporarily lose some business to cheaper alternatives, including folks brewing coffee at home. aggressive expansion overseas exposes the company to political and economic risks, and expansion into other food and beverage brands (such as teavana and princi) brings execution risk.
in our book, starbucks scores a perfect 10 if you are looking for an esg company for the long term. currently, shares are trading close to our estimate of their value, but as warren buffett said, "it's far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price, than a fair company at a wonderful price."
for another company that scored a perfect 10 out of 10 on the motley fool's esg checklist, read about accenture.
find out why starbucks is one of the 10 best stocks to buy now
motley fool co-founders tom and david gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
tom and david just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. starbucks is on the list -- but there are nine others you may be overlooking.
 teresa kersten, an employee of linkedin, a microsoft subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. philip durell owns shares of starbucks. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends microsoft and starbucks. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $85 calls on microsoft. the motley fool recommends nestle. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
apple (nasdaq: aapl) ceo tim cook didn't waste any time kicking off the company's keynote presentation on tuesday morning. while the main focus of the annual september product launch is usually the iphone, cook first provided some updates on two of the tech giant's upcoming services: apple arcade and apple tv+.
while the tech company announced apple arcade and apple tv+ alongside two other new services -- apple news+ and apple card -- earlier this year, it hadn't provided many details about the video game and television subscription services until now. on tuesday, apple revealed both services' prices, launch dates, and other details.
here's what you should know.
apple arcade is a subscription service that gives users unlimited access to a library of games. the service, apple announced, will cost $4.99 a month and will come with a one-month free trial. this price is for individual subscribers or a family of up to six members.
initially, the game will include a catalog of over 100 games and will be available in more than 150 countries.
apple's streaming-tv service, apple tv+, is launching on nov. 1. the new, ad-free subscription service will be offered in over 100 countries and will feature original shows, movies, and documentaries. some of the new shows available on the service's first day include the morning show, starring reese witherspoon, jennifer aniston, and steve carell; dickinson, a story about a rebellious young poet; and see, a drama starring jason momoa and alfre woodard.
the new service will cost $4.99 a month and include a seven-day free trial. in addition, customers who purchase a new iphone, ipad, apple tv, ipod touch, or mac will get one year of free access to apple tv+. like the apple arcade subscription, up to six family members can be included in a single subscription.
more new original shows will be added to the app each month, apple said.
competition in streaming tv has been heating up. walt disney (nyse: dis) is launching its streaming service on nov. 12 for just $6.99 a month. the new service, called disney+, will include new originals, as well as access to pixar, marvel, star wars, disney movies, and more. in addition, disney announced a $12.99-per-month bundle that will include access to disney+, espn+, and hulu.
it's no surprise to see apple pricing its services aggressively. the company likely wants to ensure it grabs market share in these new categories quickly, as services are becoming an increasingly important pillar to apple's business. services revenue in the company's most recent quarter increased 13% year over year. this compares to apple's 1% growth in its consolidated top line over the same time frame. in addition, it was a record quarter for the company's services business.
10 stocks we like better than applewhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and apple wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 daniel sparks has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends apple and walt disney. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $60 calls on walt disney, short october 2019 $125 calls on walt disney, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
