nvidia (nasdaq:) stock has been on a nice bull run, going from $154 in early august to $183. but then again, there has been a thawing of the u.s.-china trade war. in the meantime, the overall markets have been marching upward, coming to within a few percentage points of an all-time high.
 it's also encouraging for nvda stock that the ai (artificial intelligence) revolution remains particularly strong. bu it seems as if just about all tech companies have some type of ai strategy! and even more importantly, the mega tech operators like microsoft (nasdaq:), alphabet (nasdaq:, nasdaq:goog) and facebook (nasdaq:) are investing billions in the category.
but even with this secular trend, there are still nagging issues with nvidia stock. let's face it, as we've seen over the past few years, there have been several rallies that have quickly petered out. and i think that this could happen again.
so let's take a look at three things to worry about nvidia stock:
ok... it seems like the concerns about the trade war have been overwrought. after all, hans't nvda been able to hold up fairly well?
this is true. the company has a top-notch management team and also has the benefit of global scale.
but even though the u.s. and china have been showing signs of cooperation, an agreement still looks dicey. as a result, there is likely to be continued uncertainty, which could dampen the demand for chips but also lead to disruption of supply chains.
there is also the wildcard about the proposed acquisition of mellanox (nasdaq:). for the most part, the deal looks spot-on as it will help bolster the critical data center market.
yet the problem is that the transaction may ultimately be blocked. why? the reason is that china may want to retaliate against actions the u.s. has taken against companies like huawei. keep in mind that the bid-ask spread is quite large on the pricing for the mlnx deal. and besides, china has already shown its willingness to fight back, as seen with the blocking of qualcomm's (nasdaq:) attempted acquisition of nxp semiconductors (nasdaq:).
until recently, nvda did not have to really worry about competition. the company was the pioneer of gpus (graphics processing units) and quickly dominated the gaming market. nvda also was smart to leverage this technology into other categories like the data center and ai.
but nowadays other chip companies have been catching up. just look at advanced micro devices (nasdaq:). once a marginal player -- and near bankruptcy -- the company has pulled off an impressive turnaround. ceo lisa su has focused obsessively on pushing innovation, such as with the launch of the rx chips for gaming and epic systems for the data center.
interestingly enough, it is not even traditional chip companies that have put pressure on nvda. companies like googl, msft and amazon (nasdaq:) have been developing their own.
finally, there are more startups emerging that are gunning for the ai chip market, such as graphcore and cerebras systems.
nvidia stock is far from cheap. consider that the trailing price-to-earnings ratio is about 41x.
now it's true that nvidia stock should fetch a premium since the company is a dominant player in several strategic markets. but the multiple is still on the high-side when compared to the growth rate, which has been on the decline (at least on a year-over-year basis).
wall street is also a bit skeptical, with the average price target at $186. in other words, this implies only about 2% upside from current levels.
tom taulli is the author of the book, . follow him on twitter at @ttaulli. as of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
america's nearly two-year-old trade war with china, as well as salvos with europe and mexico, has battered a wide swath of stocks. president donald trump's tariffs (and retaliatory duties) have weighed on companies in various forms, such as higher input costs and unsold inventory.
the pinch is being felt on a wide scale. global growth was already slowing, though market analysts and foreign leaders alike think the trade war is making things worse. here at home, manufacturing is thinning, reflecting waning demand. ism's purchasing managers' index reading for august was just 49.1. anything under 50 signals a contraction in activity, meaning august was the first month in three years that american manufacturing receded.
the result has been a pullback in numerous stocks. buying these tariff-assisted dips is risky because some of the companies face headwinds outside of trade uncertainty. but a resolution between the u.s. and china would bring much-needed relief to many companies, and perhaps a bounceback in their shares. you can see the potential every time the market rallies on the smallest of optimistic hints.
"(these) value stocks will deliver attractive returns after the tariff resolution, like a coiled spring that pops up," says michael underhill, chief investment officer of capital innovations in pewaukee, wisconsin. he thinks the market could continue to move higher heading into october's negotiations. if more concrete progress is made, a sustained rally will continue, he says.
here, then, are 14 stocks that have already felt the burn from president donald trump's tariffs (and retaliatory taxes). some represent potential should washington reel in its tariff threats, but they may continue to suffer any time trade tensions reignite. and a few are trying to pivot their businesses out of harm's way.
market value: $3.5 billion
analysts' opinion: 4 buy, 1 overweight, 19 hold, 0 underweight, 0 sell
dick's sporting goods (dks, $38.61) operates 857 u.s. stores that consists of 727 dick's sporting goods locations and 130 under the golf galaxy and field & stream banners. and it faces a laundry list of issues regardless of what happens with trade talks.
retailers focused on sporting goods, athletic apparel and footwear are facing considerable headwinds, including a loss of business to e-tailers. many of the industry's names already carry too much inventory, and cowen analyst john kernan writes that the "environment remains promotional" - in other words, retailers are resorting to sales, which is narrowing profit margins.
dick's second-quarter earnings were better than analysts expected, but overall inventory rose by 19% while sales only improved by 3.8%. that's dick's third consecutive quarter with a negative sales-to-inventory spread, kernan writes. the cowen analyst now is projecting free cash flow (the cash remaining after a company has paid its expenses, interest on debt, taxes and long-term investments) of just $235 million in for dick's fiscal 2019 - less than half its $515 million in fcf last year.
kernan also lowered his price target on dks from $36 per share to $33 per share, writing that he sees " potential for a significant margin headwind in fy20 if the tariff situation escalates from 10% to 25%. ... under a draconian 25% tariff scenario, the impact could be as much as (80 cents per share) to fy20 eps." market value: $4.3 billion
analysts' opinion: 5 buy, 0 overweight, 7 hold, 0 underweight, 0 sell
atlanta-based carter's, (cri, $96.84), which manufactures and sells infant and children's clothing, is an example of a company that's already pivoting to fight back against the effects of u.s. and chinese tariffs.
take its second-quarter earnings, for instance. carter's grew adjusted profits by 21% year-over-year, to 95 cents per share. revenues were 5% higher to $734 million. both figures topped analysts' expectations for 80 cents per share and $731 million, respectively.
why the strong quarter? carter's said the impact of the tariffs on its profit margins has been minimized because it has lowered the percentage of clothing made in china sent to the u.s.
ceo michael d. casey said during the q2 conference call that carter's previous exposure to those tariffs was estimated to be about $100 million on an annual basis. however, the "mix of china sourced products from 26% last year is now reduced to 20% this year," he said.
carter's also "developed a plan to further reduce our production in china if needed and negotiated price concessions expected from our suppliers if list 4 tariffs are imposed." market value: $2.6 billion
analysts' opinion: 9 buy, 2 overweight, 2 hold, 0 underweight, 0 sell
yeti holdings (yeti, $30.70) - the sensational "it" name in high-end coolers and other outdoor products - says it has planned ahead for the impact of tariffs ever since september 2018. however, cowen's kernan lumps yeti in with carter's and dick's, saying they all face "the most significant financial headwinds." yeti also faces the "greatest relative gross margin risk from tariffs," he writes.
yeti's performance from the second quarter was at least positive. sales improved by 12.3%, beating both cowen's estimate and the consensus forecast of 9% year-over-year growth. profits of 33 cents per share also beat both the average estimate (30 cents) and cowen's (32 cents). the company did suffer a 2-cent-per-share hit from tariffs, though it was partly offset by lower sg&a (selling, general and administrative expenses).
during the company's second-quarter earnings call, management said it plans to move most of its soft cooler and bag production out of china by the end of this year. chief financial officer paul carbone said, "in the back half of the year, we'll continue to see tariffs," but the supply chain's move out of china will gradually "bring down the tariff impact."
market value: $14.1 billion
analysts' opinion: 11 buy, 0 overweight, 6 hold, 0 underweight, 0 sell
skyworks solutions (swks, $82.33) is a trailblazer in the semiconductor and wireless chip space, but it has taken investors on a roller-coaster ride in 2019. it jumped by more than 50% between its january lows and april highs, then gave up about a third of its value through may, and has since gained 25% in an up-and-down fashion.
chris osmond, chief investment officer at prime capital investment advisors, says you can blame geopolitical and international security concerns surrounding the u.s.-china trade war.
some of swks' largest customers, including apple (aapl) and chinese tech giant huawei, are being directly impacted by the tariffs - and worse, huawei landed on the united states' "entity list," which prohibits skyworks from doing business with it. that's a problem, as those two companies alone account for roughly 60% of skyworks' revenues. in its most recent quarter, revenues fell 14% year-over-year and earnings plunged by 47%.
since nearly 25% of swks' revenue is generated from china, continued trade tensions and any economic slowdown in china will "certainly remain a headwind for the company," osmond says. market value: $112.2 billion
analysts' opinion: 23 buy, 2 overweight, 9 hold, 2 underweight, 1 sell
nvidia (nvda, $184.27) is a semiconductor company focused on visual computing, with an emphasis on gaming, data centers and auto. it's also increasingly penetrating next-gen technologies such as self-driving cars, robots and artificial intelligence.
china is currently the planet's largest gaming market by revenues, though the u.s. is expected to surpass the country by the end of 2019. still, china represents nearly a quarter of nvidia's revenue, so naturally, the trade war has hit the chipmaker hard. shares actually have outperformed the market with 38% gains year-to-date, but those gains have come in an extremely volatile manner, and the stock remains 36% off its october 2018 peak.
"the fear of losing their supply chain and near 25% revenue from china could pose a detrimental risk," osmond says.
operational results have regressed so far in 2019. first-quarter adjusted earnings slumped 57% year-over-year; q2's profits were off by 36%. nonetheless, shares have perked up ever since mid-august, when the trump administration announced it would delay certain tariffs, set to go into effect sept. 1, until dec. 15.
but this could just be a temporary respite. "even with the postponement, this may just be strategic in avoiding some of the effects on the holiday shopping (season)," osmond says.
market value: $74.1 billion
analysts' opinion: 10 buy, 1 overweight, 11 hold, 1 underweight, 2 sell
heavy equipment manufacturer caterpillar (cat, $131.75) paid $70 million in tariffs in the second quarter of 2019, which would've added another 4% or so to its quarterly profits. and the company expects to pay between $250 million and $350 million for the full year.
that's not caterpillar's only issue, of course. osmond points out that the combination of weak sales in china, declines in the sale of oil-and-gas equipment in north america and the overall challenging market environment have eaten away at caterpillar's bottom line.
demand for equipment sales needs to be monitored closely as global manufacturing declines, capital innovations' underhill says. one positive note: caterpillar did reiterate confidence in its ability to generate cash flow throughout the current business cycle. it forecasts machinery, energy & transportation cash flow of between $4 billion and $8 billion annually - about $1 billion to $2 billion better than cat's previous cycle (2010-16).
the stock is "better positioned this cycle," underhill says, thanks to "a rock-solid balance sheet, heavy lifting on restructuring done and the ability to invest consistently throughout the cycle.
in other words, a solution on the trade front could be a significant catalyst for an otherwise strong company.
market value: $55.8 billion
analysts' opinion: 12 buy, 2 overweight, 5 hold, 0 underweight, 0 sell
general motors (gm, $39.07) is facing a slew of issues. the u.s. is three years removed from "peak auto" - the country's high point for auto sales. as cars and trucks become more durable, consumers are keeping them longer. and gm now has to face the united auto workers union in negotiating talks - likely contentious talks given that the detroit automaker announced plans to kill off some of its less popular models and halted production at several plants. but the trade war is another thorn in its side. china said in august it will resume a 25% tariff on u.s. auto imports, as well as 5% on parts and components, effective dec. 15. all told, taxes on imported american cars could reach up to 50%.
general motors, despite a thriving chinese business, is less exposed to the tariffs than competitors such as ford (f) and tesla (tsla) because gm makes many of its vehicles in china for domestic consumption. but gm faces other aspects of a trade war. for instance, in both the u.s. and china, the potential for slower buying due to concerns about slowing economic growth. and in its chinese market, general motors also must worry about a potential consumer move away from american brands as long as the trade war marches on.
"president trump tweeted that gm had moved major plants to china before he came into office," says robert johnson, a creighton university finance professor in omaha, nebraska. however, he says only about 1% of the company's sales in china came from cars built in china and sold in the u.s.
market value: $5.7 billion
analysts' opinion: 3 buy, 0 overweight, 14 hold, 0 underweight, 1 sell
storied american company harley-davidson (hog, $36.05) is an iconic brand, albeit one that's having serious issues with reeling in younger customers. millennials are less likely to buy a motorcycle than previous generations - and many of those who are interested are instead opting for harley's competitors.
"they need to see better growth with middle-aged and young people and their smaller bikes," edward jones analyst brian yarbrough told cnbc following harley's second-quarter report in late july.
thus, harley's underperformance in 2019 (5.7% year-to-date versus 20% for the s&p 500) can't be chalked up entirely to tariff issues. but trade issues - not so much with china, but with europe - are being felt nonetheless.
"we're not as impacted with tariffs on chinese imports because we don't import much from china," ceo matt levatich said during the company's first-quarter earnings call in april. "the big impact for us is the european union tariffs, and nothing has changed since the european union increased the import tariff from 6% to 31% last june."
harley is trying to improve margins by moving production of motorcycles earmarked for the eu at its thailand facility; it received favorable tariff treatment for softail and sportster bikes, "reducing tariffs on these bikes from 31% to 6%," and levatich says they expect similar approval for other motorcycles later this year.
chief financial officer john olin said the move should restore "roughly $100 million of annualized margin" beginning in q2 2020. market value: $1.8 billion
analysts' opinion: 2 buy, 0 overweight, 7 hold, 0 underweight, 0 sell
by now, most american consumers are at least familiar with irobot's (irbt, $65.66) primary product: the roomba. the little vacuuming robots (from both irobot and its competitors) are transitioning from being a niche tech interest to an upper-class household staple.
"we are ... navigating the us market segment that is growing more slowly than we had originally anticipated, driven by the direct and indirect impacts of the ongoing us/china trade war and related tariffs," ceo colin angle said during irobot's second-quarter earnings call in july. the company, which had to raise prices on some products after the trump administration hiked chinese tariffs to 25% on $250 billion worth of imports, reported lower-than-expected revenues of $260.2 million. that marks the second consecutive quarter irbt has missed on the top line.
worse, the company downgraded its full-year growth estimates from a previous range of 17% to 20% to a new range of 10% to 14%, citing "the implementation of increased tariffs to 25% on may 10th."
angle said during the conference call that irbt applied for an exclusion from the 25% tariffs and attended several washington, d.c. meetings. but a decision on an exemption is "unclear."
market value: $57.1 billion
analysts' opinion: 7 buy, 3 overweight, 14 hold, 0 underweight, 1 sell
james foote, ceo of rail transportation stock csx corp. (csx, $71.55), dropped jaws in july when he said "the present economic backdrop is one of the most puzzling i have experienced in my career."
that comment followed a second-quarter earnings report that revealed disappointing profits, lower revenues and shrinking shipping volumes. "both global and u.s. economic conditions have been unusual this year, to say the least, and have impacted our volumes," foote said on the conference call. "you see it every week in our reported carloads."
part of the issue is that u.s. importers essentially piled up inventory of chinese-made goods last year to dodge upcoming tariffs. in june, john gray, senior vice president of policy and economics for the association of american railroads, said weakness in rail traffic was being caused by several factors, but those included "heightened economic uncertainty that's being made worse by increased trade-related tensions" and "higher tariffs leading to reductions or disruptions of international trade."
"a resolution or clarity on trade and tariffs would obviously help," mark kenneth wallace, executive vice president of csx, said on the q2 conference call, "but that is obviously beyond our control."
market value: $27.9 billion
analysts' opinion: 9 buy, 1 overweight, 12 hold, 1 underweight, 1 sell
paints, coatings and specialty materials supplier ppg industries (ppg, $118.21) is being hit more indirectly by tariffs - not through the levies themselves, but from the resulting economic fallout.
for instance, the company reported a 2.6% year-over-year decline in sales during its second quarter - a performance that morningstar equity analyst charles gross called "uninspiring."
"besides second-quarter results, we've thoroughly reviewed and revised the core assumptions driving our ppg valuation," writes gross, who lowered his price target from $98 per share to $85 per share.
the company saw lower demand for paint and coatings in china and europe because of reduced auto production; the number of cars built in china fell by almost 20% year-over-year, according to ppg industries ceo michael mcgarry.
"we expect global economic activity to remain sluggish," mcgarry said on the july earnings call, adding that he thinks the company will benefit from whenever the chinese automotive market rebounds.
"i don't think the trends we're seeing right now are going to continue but the single biggest factor in this is the trade war," mcgarry said. "people have money in their pocket in china and people are employed - it's (just) a lack of consumer confidence."
he says a trade settlement would boost that confidence, however, adding, "whenever this does settle, we will see a pop."
market value: $1.4 billion
analysts' opinion: 2 buy, 0 overweight, 15 hold, 0 underweight, 3 sell
home furnishings retailer bed bath & beyond (bbby, $10.64) is likely to experience more short-term pain. ubs equity analyst michael lasser said back in may that bbby and other home goods retailers such as williams-sonoma (wsm) and restoration hardware (rh) are looking at "significant" risk because so many of their products are manufactured in china.
"if the move to 25% tariffs goes through and it persists for an extended period, we believe the impact to many hardline, broadlines, and food retailers would be significant," lasser wrote in a may research note about the retail space. "the brunt of a full 25% tariff would likely be quite inflationary as the retailers have indicated they would use strategic price actions, where possible to mitigate the impact."
the ongoing trade war puts bed bath in the crosshairs, as 17% of its goods are exposed to chinese tariffs, according to analysis conducted by ubs of company conference calls and reports.
bed bath has plenty of other problems, too. the company's most recently quarterly earnings revealed a $371.1 million net loss on sales of $2.57 billion that declined more than 6% year-over-year. the company has suffered impairment charges in the hundreds of millions of dollars in two consecutive quarters. former ceo steven temares was nudged out in may. and activist investors have pressured the company into appointing four new directors to its board.
market value: $51.4 billion
analysts' opinion: 12 buy, 1 overweight, 8 hold, 0 underweight, 1 sell
farm equipment maker deere (de, $163.26) has weathered many storms, but it's facing more than just trade disputes with china. disastrous weather in 2019 has hampered production levels across the midwest, and farmers concerned about tariffs levied by china have pushed back equipment purchases.
its most recent quarterly results were dismal. profits of $2.71 per share were well short of expectations for $2.85. revenues of $8.97 billion missed the mark, too; analysts were looking for $9.39 billion. that forced the company to lower its full-year guidance for the second consecutive quarter. deere previously predicted a 5% improvement in sales and profits of $3.3 billion; that's been downgraded to 4% revenue growth and $3.2 billion in net income.
de shares are underperforming as a result, up 10% year-to-date, and in wobbly fashion.
ceo samuel allen said in a statement that de has felt the impact of "concerns about export-market access," demand for soybeans and overall crop conditions resulted in farmers waiting to buy more equipment.
deere also is vulnerable in other ways, such as the steel tariffs imposed in 2018 that affected margins on its equipment.
market value: $8.1 billion
analysts' opinion: 5 buy, 1 overweight, 4 hold, 0 underweight, 0 sell
agricultural commodity supplier and trader bunge (bg, $57.50) has underperformed the s&p 500 with mere 6% gains in 2019, and hasn't really recovered since 2018's fourth-quarter slump.
china's 25% tariff on soy imports, implemented last year, has hit the soybean market hard.
"nobody's willing to take the risk of committing to u.s. soybeans to china in the current context, knowing that there could be a $100 penalty from one day to the other, and no way of managing that risk," then-ceo soren schroder told reuters in may 2018. (schroder stepped down in december amid a host of other issues, including slumping grain prices.)
a small bit of good news: beijing recently announced it would exempt some u.s. soybeans (among other products) from newer tariffs, as the u.s. and china begin to make small concessions ahead of planned october talks.
nonetheless, bunge still is smarting from a surprise quarterly loss announced in august. it made a bet that soybean futures would rise, but a ramp-up in tensions during the quarter sent prices tanking. this kind of hit may remain a threat as long as washington and beijing continue their on-again, off-again negotiations.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
semiconductor giant broadcom (avgo) is set to report third-quarter fiscal 2019 earnings results after the closing bell thursday. broadcom shares have risen almost 7% in five days in anticipation of a strong quarter. the stock is now up some 16% year to date, reversing a decline that took place following the company's second-quarter results. soft fiscal year guidance, owing to trade tensions with china, sent broadcom shares falling some 10% last quarter. this decline happened even though the company delivered yet another profit beat and double-digit revenue growth. the strength of the wireless business, combined with reduced tariff risk, is one reason investors have witnessed the recent rise in the share price.
at the same time, however, considering the broader technology sector has raced ahead by 32% in 2019, broadcom remains a relative under-performer. plus, although the shares have moved modestly higher, at around $294, they are still some 10% off their 52-week high of $323. investors want some confirmation that this is a good buying opportunity.
for the quarter that ended july, wall street expects the san jose, calif.-based company to earn $5.13 per share on revenue of $5.55 billion. this compares to the year-ago quarter when earnings came to $4.98 per share on revenue of $5.07 billion. for the full year, ending october, earnings are projected to increase 8% to $21.38 per share, while full-year revenue of $22.61 billion would rise 8.4% year over year.
trade war tensions between the u.s. and china have been the main headwind for broadcom, which -- as with peers intel (intc), micron (mu) and nvidia (nvda) -- extracts a sizable portion of its revenue from china. the company saw some weakness in china when it reported its results back in march, though management had already accounted for that in its full-year guidance. this was also evident in the second-quarter results.
second-quarter revenue came to $5.52 billion. although that was up about 10% year over year, it missed street estimates by some $180 million. weakness on the semiconductor solutions business, its largest segment, which posted 10% year-over-year revenue decline, was the biggest headwind. this offset the revenue gain broadcom recognized from its acquisition of mainframe software provider ca technologies, where infrastructure software rose to $1.4 billion.
weak guidance was also a factor. citing geopolitical uncertainties and export restrictions for certain customers, broadcom warned there would be a "broad-based slowdown in the demand environment." thus, it opted to take a "conservative stance for the rest of the year." wall street on thursday will want to see the extent of the impact the trade war might have had. analysts will also want to see whether broadcom maintain its conservative stance with respect to guidance, particularly when with both the u.s. and china recently agreeing to renew trade negotiations. strong forward-looking commentary from broadcom management on thursday could move not only broadcom shares back above $300 -- it can alter the perception of the entire chip sector.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
after having spent 20 years in the it industry serving in various roles from system administration to network engineer, richard saintvilus became a finance writer, covering the investor's view on the premise that everyone deserves a level playing field. his background as an engineer with strong analytical skills helps him provide actionable insights to investors. saintvilus is a warren buffett disciple who bases his investment decisions on the quality of a company's management, its growth prospects, return on equity and other metrics, including price-to-earnings ratios. he employs conservative strategies to increase capital, while keeping a watchful eye on macro-economic events to mitigate downside risk. saintvilus' work has been featured on cnbc, yahoo! finance, msn money, forbes, motley fool and numerous other outlets. you can follow him on twitter at @richard_stv.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
micron (nasdaq:) stock has traded sideways since my last article on mu. on july 22, mu stock traded around $47 per share. mu took a dip in early august, before rebounding to its current price of nearly $49 per share.
with nand and dram chip prices expected to climb, could micron stock be turning a corner? mu continues to trade at a low valuation. investors expect its earnings to continue to drop. but an improving macro environment could be just the ticket to drive micron stock higher.
let's take a closer look at mu stock and see if it's worth buying today.
the memory-chip space may be at the dawn of a turnaround. analysts anticipate better futures for both micron and its rival, western digital (nasdaq:). deutsche bank analyst sidney ho raised his price target on mu stock to $55 per share. he believes the market for dram could improve further, going into the upcoming fiscal year.
another analyst, mizuho's vijay rakesh, also is also bullish on micron stock. he raised his price target on mu to $50 per share. rakesh pointed out that nand chip prices have improved since july. he believes micron could beat average estimates when it announces its earnings on sept. 26.
other news crumbs point to a memory-chip rebound. , primarily due to seasonal demand. as the holiday season approaches, smartphone makers are ramping up production. but is this short-term trend the start of something big? also important to consider is a looming, potential recession. and of course, there is still the u.s.-china trade war to contend with.
investors feared the hong kong protests would cause the trade war to deteriorate further. . however, we aren't out of the woods just yet. with both countries wanting to "win" the battle, it could be a long time before a deal is made.
and mu is highly levered to china, particularly chinese smartphone maker huawei. . 17% of its revenue comes from huawei, which is caught in the cross hairs of the trade conflict.
as a result of these factors, micron stock trades a at low valuation relative to the market. but is this discount justified? let's take a closer look at the valuation of mu stock.
micron stock trades at a forward price/earnings ratio of 9.1. the company's enterprise value/ebitda (ev/ebitda) ratio is 3.3. compare that to western digital. the latter company has a forward p/e of 21.5. it has an ev/ebitda ratio of 12.3. while western digital is somewhat different from micron (wdc does not sell dram), both companies have similar macro headwinds. wdc is priced for a turnaround. but mu stock remains priced for a worst-case scenario.
mu is also materially cheaper than other types of semiconductor stocks. amd (nasdaq:) and nvidia (nasdaq:), which both swell graphics processing units, trade at significantly higher forward p/e and ev/ebitda ratios. they have higher valuations than mu stock even though they are also getting hit with supply gluts and sales declines. but mu is a more cyclical company, and demand for gpus is increasing more rapidly than demand for micron's chips.
however, the boom-and-bust nature of micron stock could create opportunity. investors can buy micron stock at the bottom of the cycle and sell it when its results beat expectations.
at first glance, mu stock looks like a value trap.. but the dram and nand markets could rebound. with an improved demand picture, investors could drive micron stock higher. however, there are many caveats to this play. the u.s.-china trade war could accelerate. the rumored recession could finally emerge.
another caveat is that mu stock is likely not worth holding over the long-term. mu is a classic cyclical play. investors should buy it when nand and dram are down, and sell it when market demand picks up. but that's easier said than done.
lacking the growth potential of more specialized chip names, mu is likely not a stock that's going to double, triple, or quadruple. however, for contrarian investors, micron stock may just be the play. a better entry point could emerge after its recent rally dissipates. mu stock is worth watching.
as of this writing, thomas niel did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
the post appeared first on investorplace.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
they say that markets tend to climb the wall of worries. this is very true these days since we have the nasdaq invesco qqq trust () up 24% year-to-date even in the face of tremendous headline risks from many angles. more specifically, look at the chip sector where a stock like advanced micro devices (nasdaq:) is up 70% in 2019 despite the ongoing trade war.
 this is a slap in the face to all fearmongers scaring investors out of owning great stocks just because the u.s. and china are negotiating a trade deal in a less than ideal setting.
these headlines wreak havoc in amd and the vaneck vectors semiconductor etf (nysearca:) as a whole. while the stock prices go for a ride, their fundamentals remain intact. in fact the demand for amd products and services has a runway at least a decade long. and as long as they have strong management like they have with current ceo lisa su, then there is no reason to sell the stock over short-term fears.
sure, a tweet here or a media headline there could get the traders' attentions, but it's not a reason alone to change the investment thesis for the stock. there is no evidence yet that the us and china won't eventually come to terms. so the prospects for amd stock remain bullish.
if i own amd already, then i'm staying long. otherwise, i treat the dips as opportunities to buy amd stock for the long term. it has performed most consistently in the sector even last year when markets were correcting hard.
fundamentally, it's not cheap but that doesn't matter. amd is still a growth company, so when i evaluate those types i don't look for profitability. instead, i need them to grow a lot. and in order to do that they need to spend a lot. moreover, amd stock sells at only 5 times sales. so while the price-to-earnings ratio is scary to some, the stock is not bloated given its growth trajectory.
in addition, technically amd stock is still in the hands of the bulls. the weekly chart shows a clear ascending channel. and as long as the lower edges continue to hold, then the amd bears will have a hard time taking control of the price action.
short term there are important levels to note. for the last few weeks, amd stock price range is between $27.50 and $34 per share. the breach of either sides will carry momentum in that direction. also, since the beginning of august, amd has been setting higher-lows attacking a neckline at $32 per share. if the bulls can break above it then they could rally another $3 from there. and that would launch the opportunity of the next leg higher.
if the general equity markets cooperate, that would fuel the amd buy programs to exceed $35 per share. but conversely, if the bears are able to bring amd stock below $29 per share, then they may have the opportunity to trigger a $3 bearish pattern. so clearly the next few weeks are important to recommit to the direction of the next wave in advanced micro devices stock price.
of all the chip stocks, amd is the only one i would bet on these days. it has had the fewest fake-outs. both stocks of nvidia (nasdaq:) and intel (nasdaq:) have disappointed investors several times in recent months. so i consider amd stock as the best bet on the upside potential of all chip stocks if not the market as a whole.
if stocks are higher in the future, then amd is definitely higher. to that, the bearish consensus is starting to build. the media is pushing the notion that we are in the late stages of the economic expansion. meaning that a recession is coming. while that is eventually true, there is no evidence yet that a recession is imminent.
i just find it hard to believe that we could have the economies shrink when everyone is employed and rates are so low. admittedly, these are unprecedented times so there are no real experts on what comes next. therefore i stick with my bullish thesis for as long as the data continues to be in line with expectations as it has been.
companies like amd are still delivering excellent profit and loss statements with good balance sheets. and the consumer in the us is still spending with extreme vigor, because everyone that wants a job has one. just like it's not a good idea to buy a stock in anticipation of something without confirmation, it is a mistake to anticipate a rescission without confirmation of its impending arrival.
nicolas chahine is the managing director of . as of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. join his live chat room for free here.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
apple (nasdaq: aapl) confirmed pricing and availability for apple tv+ and apple arcade last week. both services will cost $5 per month and can be shared within a family, but that's about where the strategic similarities end. apple arcade launches this thursday, while apple tv+ debuts on nov. 1. the company is taking very different approaches with the services, in part because each one is entering dramatically different markets.
apple has reportedly boosted its original content budget for apple tv+ to a whopping $6 billion, significantly more than the $500 million that the tech giant is investing in its mobile gaming service. yet the mac maker is giving away a free year of apple tv+ to customers that buy hardware, while apple arcade has no such promotion. for those not in the market for a new apple device, apple tv+ will have a seven-day free trial, much shorter than apple arcade's one-month free trial.
in other words, apple is willing to forego recouping its much larger investment in apple tv+ content but wants apple arcade subscribers to open their wallets sooner. the disparity all traces back to the company's relative strength in those respective markets.
apple knows it's coming from behind in video streaming, and the service's value proposition won't stack up favorably next to competing services. the streaming wars are only going to get more intensely competitive over the next year. that's why the tech titan needs to get aggressive with pricing, undercutting many rivals but also offering a far smaller catalog of tv shows and movies.
in contrast, apple is a dominant player in mobile gaming, which accounts for an estimated 74% of mobile consumer spending. consumer spending on mobile gaming is now 20% larger than all other gaming formats combined, and ios monetizes at much stronger levels than android. however, many of the business practices in mobile gaming have devolved to what many critics consider to be predatory, particularly as they relate to children.
the mobile gaming industry is now dominated by freemium titles that monetize with in-app purchases and microtransactions, all while displaying an excessive number of ads for other games that monetize with in-app purchases and microtransactions. it's an endless cycle. apple has faced numerous lawsuits from upset parents over enabling such practices, while simultaneously grappling with accusations that its devices are too addictive.
apple arcade hopes to address those pitfalls. none of the included titles will have ads or in-app purchases, and apple arcade has the potential to improve the underlying economics of mobile games while securing exclusive high-quality titles in order to build its services business. unlike apple tv+'s relatively sparse catalog, apple arcade will launch with over 100 titles.
in mobile gaming, apple is coming from a position of strength while offering a compelling value proposition, so it doesn't need to be nearly as aggressive.
10 stocks we like better than apple
when investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and apple wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
*stock advisor returns as of june 1, 2019
evan niu, cfa owns shares of apple. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends apple. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $155 calls on apple and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
advanced micro devices (nasdaq:) stock is up over 66% in 2019. this is higher than rivals nvidia (nasdaq:) at 36.6% and intel (nasdaq:) at 14.1%. amd stock is also outpacing at least one popular sector exchange-traded fund, the vaneck vectors semiconductor etf (nysearca:) is up about 40%. amd stock is also besting the s&p 500 index, which is up 20% in 2019.
 however, the semiconductor business is notoriously cyclical. plus, amd stock has been trading in a tight range for the entire summer. as fall approaches, the smart play may be to place strategic option contracts that will help you take advantage of short-term price movements.
prior to the second quarter of 2019, amd posted soft revenue growth (on a sequential basis) for the prior three quarters. however, on a year-over-year basis, the q2 results still showed a double-digit revenue decline. furthermore, analysts suspect that the company will likely face declining revenue due to softness in gaming consoles that could affect its revenue for the rest of 2019.
for its part, amd has cut its revenue guidance into the mid-single digits for yoy growth rate. amd is scheduled to report q3 earnings on october 29. analysts are projecting an 8.9% increase in revenue to $1.8 billion.
this is not completely unexpected. amd has not had new products to get investors excited. but that story looks to be changing.
one of the factors depressing amd stock has been a product line that is growing long in the tooth. amd's 400 series polaris line of graphics processing units (gpus) hit the market in 2016. a refreshed 500 series was introduced in 2017.
however, in 2019, rival nvidia released a competing gpu, the gtx1660 that is helping nvda rapidly gain market share in the gaming space. a refreshed line of navi gpu cards, priced competitively at under $250, should help amd recapture some of this lost share.
in the cpu market, the tech publication techquila reported that amd has plans to release in the second half of 2019. the first product to launch will be its ryzen 9 3950x desktop cpu (scheduled for september 30).
then in early october, it plans to launch its third-generation threadripper cpu line-up (extending to as many as 64 cores). these come on the heels of the rome epys server cpus in august. these new processors are generating high demand from enterprise and cloud customers (and are potentially stealing market share from intel).
microsoft (nasdaq:) and sony (nyse:) are expected to launch their next generation of gaming consoles in late 2020. pent-up demand from gamers should give the consoles a lift.
this sets up well for amd stock. wall street analysts are extremely optimistic about the company's 2020 revenue growth. they expect its revenue to grow more than 24% next year.
advanced micro devices stock is just coming down from its 52-week high of $35.55. and the company's forward price-earnings ratio of just under 29 makes the stock expensive. however, amd is projecting earnings increases of 37% for 2019 and 68.3% in fiscal 2020 which could account for the elevated ratio.
the question for investors is whether the new product launches and higher revenue growth can generate enough momentum to push the amd stock price higher. right now, many investors seem to be in "wait and see" mode. that makes some sense. why buy the stock now if the real growth won't occur until 2020?
however, between now and then, there could be a lot of macro-economic catalysts that may give the stock a boost. the federal reserve is cutting interest rates. and there may be a breakthrough, or at a least a continued pause in the ongoing trade war with china. and for its part, amd must post numbers that show the high demand for their servers is not an anomaly.
this is where trading options on amd stock can be an effective trading strategy. sell puts at a price slightly below the current price and place call slightly above the current price. the puts pay you for buying the stock. in the case of the calls, you can get a weekly or monthly premium.
as of this writing, chris markoch did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
if you were looking for high-flying tech stocks earlier in 2019, xilinx (nasdaq: xlnx) and nvidia (nasdaq: nvda) would have definitely been on your radar, as both of them were surging impressively on strong investor sentiment.
but tragedy struck in the form of the trade war, putting nvidia and xilinx's prospects in hot water and ending the stocks' terrific runs. xilinx cannot ship all of its chips to chinese customers, and demand for nvidia's graphics cards could take a hit as the company is forced to increase prices thanks to the tariffs imposed by the u.s. government.
in such a scenario, which of these two chip stocks should you be putting your money on?
graphics cards manufacturers like nvidia could be hurt badly by the trade war, as a chunk of the company's supply chain is situated in china, according to ceo jensen huang. he also clarified that nvidia has "a few thousand" employees in china.
so importing components sourced from the china-centric supply chain into the u.s. means that nvidia may have to pay higher tariffs. the graphics specialist can either absorb those tariffs at the cost of its margins, or raise the price of its gpus to pass on the increased cost to customers.
the situation became more challenging for nvidia after president trump announced that the u.s. will now impose tariffs at a rate of 30% on $250 billion worth of chinese goods, instead of the earlier 25%. but what's more concerning is that the trump administration is imposing tariffs of 15% on the remaining $300 billion worth of chinese imports beginning dec. 15.
the import tariff on computer parts such as graphics cards and motherboards was raised in may this year to 25% from the prior 10%, causing a crash in nvidia stock. those tariffs have now been hiked to 30%. what's more, tariffs on laptops are set to go into effect from dec. 15.
so there's a good chance that nvidia will have to sell its graphics cards at a higher price thanks to the trade war. this isn't an ideal situation for the company to be in, as it has just been overtaken by rival advanced micro devices in pc gpu shipments for the first time in half a decade.
moreover, the u.s.-china trade war presents another kind of challenge for nvidia. huang had said last year that china accounts for a third of nvidia's business. this is bad news for nvidia shareholders, as the negative effects of the trade war are contributing toward a slowdown in the chinese economy.
the country's industrial production growth of 4.8% in july this year was the weakest pace in a decade. another alarming data point was that retail sales increased 7.6% in july, down from the 9.8% growth witnessed in june.
if the chinese start cutting back on purchases of graphics cards and laptops, nvidia's declining top-line might not be turning around anytime soon given its reliance on this market.
like nvidia, xilinx is also reliant on chinese companies such as huawei for a portion of its revenue. but it doesn't have a single 10%-plus customer, which means that its exposure is not as high as nvidia's.
this is why xilinx is still delivering impressive growth despite the trade war being in full swing. the chipmaker delivered 24% revenue growth in its last-reported quarter, even though it was not able to ship to huawei thanks to export restrictions.
what's more, xilinx's outlook for the current quarter suggests that the company is anticipating year-over-year revenue growth of 16% at the mid-point of its guidance range. so xilinx is in a much better position compared to nvidia, which saw its revenue crash 17% annually during the second quarter of fiscal 2020.
also, nvidia's revenue outlook of $2.9 billion for the current quarter puts its year over year revenue decline at just over 8%. but investors shouldn't rule out the possibility of more downside thanks to the recently hiked tariffs.
xilinx, on the other hand, isn't as exposed to china as nvidia is. the company is enjoying terrific growth in fifth-generation (5g) markets across the globe, as shown by ceo victor peng's comments on the latest earnings conference call:
despite our complete suspension of shipments to huawei in the middle of the quarter, we saw continued strong demand at many of our wired and wireless customers in support of global 5g deployments.
given that huawei reportedly supplies 8% of xilinx's total revenue, xilinx should be able to offset the negative impact of export restrictions to the chinese company by growing in other geographies where 5g networks are being deployed.
the advantage for xilinx is that its programmable chips can be bought off the shelves and programmed by telecom companies deploying 5g networks. this allows them to reduce the time to market. a gartner report points out that just 7% of telecom providers across the globe have rolled out 5g networks, so there's a huge addressable market for xilinx out there as 5g is still in its early phases of growth.
xilinx can take advantage of that opportunity thanks to its commanding market share in programmable chips and limited chinese exposure.
nvidia could be in much deeper trouble thanks to the trade war, and the stock's valuation is another reason why investors should stay away from it. with a trailing price-to-earnings (p/e) ratio of nearly 41, nvidia is relatively expensive compared to xilinx's multiple of 29.
paying a richer earnings multiple for nvidia doesn't make sense, especially because its revenue has been trending lower. xilinx, on the other hand, has been able to maintain its double-digit growth despite the macroeconomic issues at play, and trades at a cheaper valuation. that is why it is a better bet than nvidia in the current circumstances.
10 stocks we like better than nvidiawhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and nvidia wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 harsh chauhan has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends nvidia. the motley fool recommends gartner and xilinx. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
looking today at week-over-week shares outstanding changes among the universe of etfs covered at etf channel, one standout is the ishares phlx semiconductor etf (symbol: soxx) where we have detected an approximate $172.4 million dollar inflow -- that's a 11.3% increase week over week in outstanding units (from 7,100,000 to 7,900,000). among the largest underlying components of soxx, in trading today nvidia corp (symbol: nvda) is up about 1.1%, qualcomm inc (symbol: qcom) is up about 1.4%, and applied materials, inc. (symbol: amat) is higher by about 0.6%. for a complete list of holdings, visit the soxx holdings page " the chart below shows the one year price performance of soxx, versus its 200 day moving average:
 looking at the chart above, soxx's low point in its 52 week range is $144.79 per share, with $220.82 as the 52 week high point -- that compares with a last trade of $217.58. comparing the most recent share price to the 200 day moving average can also be a useful technical analysis technique -- learn more about the 200 day moving average ".
 exchange traded funds (etfs) trade just like stocks, but instead of ''shares'' investors are actually buying and selling ''units''. these ''units'' can be traded back and forth just like stocks, but can also be created or destroyed to accommodate investor demand. each week we monitor the week-over-week change in shares outstanding data, to keep a lookout for those etfs experiencing notable inflows (many new units created) or outflows (many old units destroyed). creation of new units will mean the underlying holdings of the etf need to be purchased, while destruction of units involves selling underlying holdings, so large flows can also impact the individual components held within etfs.
click here to find out which 9 other etfs had notable inflows "
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
almost everywhere we go these days, most of us can easily access the internet on our smartphones thanks to the nationwide network of cellular towers. those smartphones have changed communication, entertainment, shopping, how we conduct business, and more -- but they aren't the only devices that can benefit by being connected into the internet.
when objects from doorbells to manufacturing equipment are connected to the internet, they become part of a fast-growing tech trend: the internet of things, or iot. here are five facts that prove just how important the iot is and how it's growing. recent data shows that the iot is likely to be a key driver of demand for artificial intelligence chips over the next few years. a report published in december by research and markets asserted that 83% of all ai chips will be in iot devices (like smartwatches, driverless cars, etc.) by 2023. additionally, the global market for iot devices with embedded ai chips will reach $26 billion just four years from now.
research firm gartner says that "ai will be applied to a wide range of iot information, including video, still images, speech, network traffic activity and sensor data." in short, ai and the iot will be tethered together, creating huge opportunities for some tech companies.
for example, nvidia (nasdaq: nvda) is already moving in this direction, with the company creating graphics processing chip units (gpus) that can be used in ai applications for driverless cars. nvidia is also going beyond simple chips to create entire systems that have the capacity to deliver supercomputer-like performance. while the development of the iot is already in full swing, it's going to be accelerated by the faster cellular internet connections made possible by the imminent arrival of 5g cellular networks. 5g is the next evolution in cellular connectivity and will bring wireless internet connection speeds that are up 100 times faster than 4g, with lower latency (i.e., devices will have less lag when sending and receiving data from cellular towers). at&t (nyse: t) and verizon (nyse: vz) have already moved into high gear on their 5g deployments, and both expect their networks to cover most people in the u.s. within the next couple of years. those networks will allow the telecoms to launch profitable new 5g services for connecting iot devices, among them cars and industrial equipment. some estimates suggest the global 5g services market will reach $619 billion in annual revenue by 2026.
the iot isn't just about creating entirely new businesses from new tech. companies, including amazon (nasdaq: amzn), are using the iot to boost their core businesses as well. amazon's echo smart speakers allow users to order products from the company's e-commerce platform easily, and research shows that echo owners spend $400 more per year than the company's lucrative prime members and $700 more than the average amazon user.
this shows how the iot can benefit companies' existing businesses, simply by introducing a new device to the market. amazon may never break out its iot sales on their own revenue line, but it will quietly benefit from the iot by integrating smart speakers and other tech into its e-commerce business. for investors trying to figure out how to benefit from the iot, it's best to look beyond the devices themselves, and instead look at how they fit into a company's broader revenue picture. amazon's echo smart speakers are one example of how a company can use an iot device to drive additional sales to its core business. internet of things devices garner consumer attention for all of their tech bells and whistles, but investors should focus instead of how these devices convince users to spend more through a company's core platform and services.
10 stocks we like better than amazonwhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and amazon wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 john mackey, ceo of whole foods market, an amazon subsidiary, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. chris neiger has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends amazon, apple, and nvidia. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool recommends gartner and verizon communications. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
nvidia (nasdaq:) has been stuck in a trading range between $160 - $180 since july. although nvidia stock could easily break-out as its growth potential returns, china tariffs may pressure chip stocks in the weeks ahead.
 the investor who chooses to buy nvidia stock, betting that the trade war tensions will end, risks macro headwinds. and those who wait it out may miss out on a rally if nvidia reports strong quarterly results in november. what should investors do?
nvidia is perfectly positioned to embrace the long-term growth in ai, iot, and autonomous capabilities. ai as being thousands of different types of networks. these networks get more complex over time, and the data that gets processed gets bigger. as a result, ai software cannot predict what is going to get programmed. nvidia's cuda architecture is programmable, with its tensor cores are optimized for ai.
software capabilities that combine iot with ai will be the next phase of growth. nvidia is well-positioned to lead the market when this phase begins. within many sectors, automation is the future and is something that will happen.
this transformation is still in the early phases, so the company will not realize its potential until later. to position itself for these markets, nvidia is investing heavily in itself. in its second quarter, the company reported gaap operating expenses of $970 million. it is on-track to grow operating expenses in the high single digits.
nvda singled out ai, graphics, and self-driving cars are the key platforms that will drive its long-term growth. despite gaap eps falling 49% to $0.90, nvidia is clear on its q3 outlook. it forecast revenue of $2.9 billion and gaap and non-gaap gross margins at 62% and 62.5%, respectively. capital expenditures will be in the range of $100 million to $120 million.
seasonal strength for nintendo switch will result in a production ramp-up in q2 and in q3, then likely falling in q4. rtx (real-time tracing) is a differentiating solution to gpus made by advanced micro devices (nasdaq:). in the last few months, nvidia announced six blockbuster games that adopted rtx.
there are now over 40 isv tools that announced ray tracing and video editing, in the creative tools software space. some of the applications have ai capabilities that fully utilize rtx.
looking ahead, nvda stock may potentially price in the pickup in demand for rtx-powered gpus and notebooks offering this technology. nvidia also benefits from the trend of gamers demanding light notebooks that have powerful graphics. its customers need such systems for 3d content creation and high-definition video editing and image optimization.
the company introduced a new line of computers, called rtx studio, that appears to such power users. considering that the super line of gpus will spur sales in the quarters ahead and chances are good that the stock etches higher.
chip stocks are vulnerable to the tariff showdown between the u.s. and china. such taxes hurt trade and weaken demand for semiconductor products. nvidia is not immune to the impact escalating trade wars will have on trade.
the lack of a trade deal between the two countries may threaten the nvidia-mellanox (nasdaq:) merger. in march, nvidia offered $6.9 billion, or $125 a share, for mellanox and paid entirely in cash. mlnx stock topped $120 by may but fell to $107 recently. markets are signaling a higher probability that the deal will fall through.
investors who held qualcomm (nasdaq:) and nxp semiconductors (nasdaq:) after the former offered to buy the latter did poorly holding nxpi stock. china's regulators failed to approve the deal in a timely fashion, forcing qualcomm to abandon the deal.
wall street analysts are bullish on nvidia stock and have an average $189.96 . investors who prefer to build their own model may assign a ~7% revenue 5-year cagr. in a dcf ebitda exit model that assumes revenue growth of up to 20%, the fair value is $186:
source: still, investors may look at nvidia's intrinsic value based on future cash flow. in this scenario, nvda stock has a significant (per simplywall.st).
investors willing to hold nvidia for a few years should accumulate the stock if it falls. the trade war is a short-term headwind that will eventually get resolved as both countries negotiate.
the post appeared first on investorplace.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
as micron (nasdaq:) approaches its $50 yearly high, investors must ask themselves if mu stock will continue marching higher. much of the rally is built on two premises: the u.s.-china trade war is on pause and stronger chip demand is expected for the rest of the year. to argue the bullish case, assume for a moment that these expectations prove accurate.
 china's retaliatory tariffs on $75 billion worth of u.s. goods are but a distant memory. micron stock fell to the low $40's on aug. 23. but when the u.s. announced no immediate trade negotiations or progress and instead pointed to talks resuming in october, mu stock soared. it added another 8.5% in the last week, closing recently at $49.13. and since the market is pricing expectations for the future, investors may expect tariffs staying. suppliers now know exactly what extra taxes they face, so knowing how much costs change will allow them to adjust output accordingly.
mu stock was not the only winner in the last week. in that time, intel (nasdaq:) rose 8.9% while nvidia (nasdaq:) rose 7.8%. oddly enough, advanced micro devices (nasdaq:) did not participate in the rally, falling 3% in the last week. micron stock may benefit from being among the cheapest semiconductor stocks at a price-to-earnings ratio of 5.8x. as business returns to normal levels, investors may find mu stock is still trading at a discount.
micron is that the long-term outlook for memory and storage is compelling. secular trends, such as ai, autonomous driving (adas), iot and 5g, will not just go away because of the troubling trade wars. in the last quarter, micron benefited from customer inventory improvements. given that positive development, micron forecast demand for dram (memory chips) returning to healthy year-over-year growth in the second half of this year.
micron also forecast nand (used in solid state storage) bit demand increasing in most of its markets. although chip suppliers suffered from weak pricing power for nand in the last year, that trend stimulated demand. the rebound in nand demand justifies the recent rally in mu stock. but to drive profit margins higher, micron cut capital expenditures to align industry supply with current demand levels.
micron now attributes high-value solutions to two-thirds of nand revenue. it launched data centers that use high-speed nvme ssds for cloud and enterprise markets. and in the third quarter, it more than doubled shipments of its nvme client ssds to large pc oems.
in the mobile market, the company offers mobile dram products that are extremely energy efficient compared to the competition. in q3, dram shipments for the enterprise were at levels higher than management expected. it forecast continued demand momentum for the current q4 period.
restrictions against huawei hurt nand revenue and shipment levels. if the u.s. did not impose such restrictions, dram and nand revenue would have met the company's high end of guidance. in the remote chance that the u.s. and china agree on a trade deal, the u.s. may lift the tough restrictions huawei now faces.
micron increased its nand inventory levels for calendar 2019 and 2020 in anticipation of higher demand. it also held above-average dram inventory for the same reason. if the expected demand does not arrive, micron may have to sell excess inventory at reduced prices.
micron knows better than investors and analysts what demand levels will be like for the rest of the year. although it did not issue a fy 2020 forecast, its expectations for stronger demand will lift its profit margins. investors may assume that in a , a revenue exit model of 1.5 times to 2.5 times.
micron reports results after the market closes on sept. 26. if it confirms that strong demand is ahead, then the stock has more upside.
as of this writing, chris lau did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
this article was first published by mywallst. which 2 pot stocks will beat the market? find out in mywallst's free guide!
over more than a year, u.s. president donald trump and chinese president xi jinping have been applying tariffs back and forth, starting with trump's duties on solar panels and washing machines in january 2018. since then, the tariffs have ramped up significantly. in august, trump ordered u.s. companies to "immediately start looking for an alternative to china" after xi threatened to impose duties on $75 billion worth of u.s. goods.
these taxes have the most significant impact on industries that deal directly with the other country. one of the industries impacted the most by the trade war is the technology industry. chipmakers such as nvidia (nasdaq: nvda), micron technology (nasdaq: mu), and intel (nasdaq: intc) are particularly vulnerable to the trade war tensions as they have high exposure in china. chinese revenue makes up 24%, 57%, and 27% of their total revenue, respectively.
trump's ban on u.s. companies selling equipment to huawei is another move that could have disastrous consequences for both countries. semiconductor manufacturer broadcom (nasdaq: avgo) sold $900 million worth of chips to huawei in 2018, with 49% of its total revenue coming from china. huawei expects revenue to fall by $10 billion due to this ban from the u.s. although the ban has recently been delayed, huawei is prepared to work for the foreseeable future under these kinds of restrictions, reducing its dependence on u.s. products.
the auto industry is likely to suffer from the introduction of tariffs from china. in 2018, china raised the tax on u.s. automobiles from 15% to 40%. although chinese consumers usually buy locally manufactured cars, one u.s. company that could suffer greatly from these tariffs is tesla (nasdaq: tsla). the electric-car maker, which currently manufactures its automobiles in the u.s., has begun building its gigafactory in shanghai. the plan is for the new facility to manufacture roughly 10,000 model 3s every week for the local chinese market, and it is scheduled to open in late 2019. although the levies have been brought back down to 15% as a gesture of goodwill, further tension between the u.s. and china could lead to significant financial trouble for tesla as it expands further into china.
another industry heavily affected by these charges is the agricultural industry. china is currently the fourth-largest agricultural export market for the u.s., with $9.3 billion worth of agricultural products being exported to china in 2018. among cotton, hide, pork, and coarse grains, one of the largest chinese imports are u.s. soybeans. in 2018, the country purchased $3.1 billion worth of soybeans from the u.s. that same year, chinese officials placed a 25% toll on the product.
these tariffs have had a bad impact on farmers, with agricultural exports down 61% from 2014. this has led to an increase in farm bankruptcies and has had a knock-on effect on companies such as deere (nyse: de) and caterpillar (nyse: cat), which manufacture equipment used by farmers. in august, deere cut its full-year earnings forecasts for a second time in four months, saying that uncertainty in the sector has affected its results. deere's net sales for the three months to july 28 fell 3.8% from the same time last year, with net income also declining from $910 million to $899 million.
in an attempt to work around these restrictions, huawei has been limiting its reliance on u.s. technology. in august, huawei unveiled its own phone, computer, and smart device operating system, with the goal of competing with the android os. huawei also recently announced ascend 901, a new artificial intelligence chipset, to compete with nvidia's gpu (graphics processing unit) and alphabet's (nasdaq: goog) (nasdaq: googl) tpu (tensor processing unit).
u.s. companies, on the other hand, have begun moving operations out of china. apple (nasdaq: aapl) has announced that it would move some of its manufacturing facilities from china to india. californian solar technology company enphase (nasdaq: enph) announced it would produce some of its products in mexico to avoid these tariffs.
this is not the first time companies have looked outside of china for manufacturing. since 2013, the minimum wage in shanghai has risen roughly 53%. over the course of this time, companies such as nintendo, sharp, and kyocera have moved production to vietnam, whose exports grew 64% over the past three years. india, malaysia, thailand, taiwan, and mexico have also seen an increase in their exports to the u.s., with mexico passing china to become the u.s.'s largest trading partner.
although the trade war is still in full swing, on sept. 4, 2019, the u.s. and china agreed to resume trade negotiations. the two countries agreed to talk in washington this october in a bid to relax the growing tension. the dow jones industrial average rose 1.2% following this announcement.
one of these pot stocks is already +100% this year. what are you waiting for?
mywallst operates a full disclosure policy. mywallst staff currently hold long positions in alphabet, apple and nvidia. read our full disclosure policy here.
10 stocks we like better than teslawhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and tesla wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 suzanne frey, an executive at alphabet, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends alphabet (a and c shares), apple, nvidia, and tesla. the motley fool owns shares of intel and has the following options: short september 2019 $50 calls on intel, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool recommends broadcom ltd and nintendo. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
intel (nasdaq:) is on a tear. resumption of trade talks between the u.s. and china helped the chip giant surge higher in thursday trading. intel stock has risen by more than 10% since the lows of aug. 23.
 however, tech stocks have traded on hopes for a trade deal before. in the recent past, this had brought disappointment and lower stock prices when trade talks experienced a setback.
although this changes nothing about the long-term case for intel stock, shorter-term traders need to exercise caution.
admittedly, trade talks also help peers such as nvidia (nasdaq:), qualcomm (nasdaq:), and amd (nasdaq:) as all semi stocks derive revenue from china. still, this offers welcome relief to an intel which has faced earnings disappointments, ceo scandals, and lagging product development in recent years.
most of the former darlings of the pc era such as nvidia and microsoft (nasdaq:) have recovered by building market leadership in other areas of tech. however, intel has lagged these giants. it currently trades at just 11.4 times forward earnings and has struggled with profit growth.
despite the setbacks, late last month . the low multiple lags historic valuations by a wide margin. moreover, intel could return to prominence due to the potential for 5g-related growth. however, trade talks may serve as a compelling motivation for now.
the optimism over trade talks actually changes little about intel, other than possibly when to buy. this news has undoubtedly sped up the growth in intel. however, i would caution investors not to buy into the hype. tech stocks, in general, have rallied on optimism about trade talks.
however, investors need to remember that intel has traded in a range between approximately $44 to $59 per share for almost two years. when i urged traders to buy last month, it sold near the bottom of the range. now, the current intel stock price stands at over $50 per share. this takes it to roughly the middle of the range.
moreover, we had also seen disappointments when the talks did not lead to a deal. bottom line, we have seen this movie before, and intc could face headwinds if this sequel turns out to be too much like the original.
hence, if buying for the short-term, investors should exercise caution. a deal could bring cause investors to "sell the news." likewise, if talks fail, the deflated mood of investors could send intel down in the near term.
still, long-term investors can still prosper by buying now. for one, trade talks could finally lead to a deal, and the stock would probably rally further from the discussions. moreover, the ever-widening adoption of 5g should make intc more valuable again over time.
however, this rally also shows signs that should raise the hopes of longer-term holders. as , thursday's 4% rally indicates more institutional interest in intel. he also pointed out that the number of calls significantly exceeded puts, and that intc rose above its 50-day moving average. at least for longer-term investors, this makes intel a buy despite the recent run-up.
although the long-term case for buying intel stock remains intact, shorter-term traders should consider turning cautious. without question, a true end to the trade war would probably push intc to new highs.
however, optimism about trade talks has often given way to more tariff threats. hence, in the short term, intel could easily move in either direction.
still, if trade does not help intc, 5g probably will. moreover, the optimism has sent intc stock to the middle of the two-year trading range. if it can reach and stay above the $60 per share level, we could soon witness the long-awaited intel comeback.
as of this writing, will healy did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned stocks. you can at @healywriting.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
nvidia (nasdaq:) stock has seen a nice bump since august. shares have popped from a low of $148.77 on aug. 15 to $180.24 at the close sept. 17. with positive developments in the u.s.-china trade war and improving fundamentals for the gpu space, nvidia's fortunes may be turning around.
 but is there enough left in the tank to send nvda stock higher? based on valuation, it seems most catalysts are priced in the stock. nevertheless, nvda sells at a discount to gpu rival advanced micro devices (nasdaq:).
so what's the verdict? let's take a closer look at nvidia stock, and see why now may not be the time to buy.
weak gpu demand and the u.s.-china trade war. these two factors hammered nvidia stock. but a turnaround in chip sales and optimism over a trade deal have mitigated these concerns. improved investor sentiment is driving nvda stock higher. the question is: will it last?
with regards to gpu demand, nvidia's sales results for the past quarter show promise. for the , revenue rose from $2.2 billion to $2.6 billion quarter-over-quarter. gaming sales rose 24% from the prior quarter, from $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion. but sales remain down year-over-year. overall sales were $3.1 billion in the prior year's quarter, including gaming sales of $1.8 billion. nvidia has a long ways to go before reaching the high water mark set in the prior year.
how about the u.s.-china trade war? investors are optimistic, . the unpredictability of the trade war could continue to impact nvidia's business. it could also impact an upcoming acquisition. as investorplace's tom taulli wrote on sept. 12, china could block nvidia's of mellanox (nasdaq:). the mellanox deal is seen as a positive catalyst for nvda. the deal would bolster nvidia's data center business, and help it diversify away from gpus.
but what about artificial intelligence? the rise of ai could be nvidia's saving grace. on sept. 13, investorplace's jamie johnson how nvidia's automotive ai business saw sales grow 30% in the past quarter. ai has yet to reach critical mass, but in the next decade could emerge as a major industry. this would give nvidia stock a clear pathway to growth.
however, as seen below, this growth potential is clearly reflected in the valuation of nvda stock. does this mean shares are overvalued? let's see how nvidia's valuation compares to peers.
despite declining sales since 2018, nvidia stock remains richly priced. the company's forward price-to-earnings ratio is 25.5. nvidia's enterprise value/ebitda is 40. but shares continue to trade at a discount to rival amd. amd stock trades at 28.3 times forward earnings, and has an ev/ebitda ratio of 67.
does this mean nvidia stock is undervalued? possibly, but it could indicate amd remains overvalued. both stocks trade at premiums to broad-line chip makers like intel (nasdaq:) and broadcom (nasdaq:). intel's forward p/e is 11.6, and its ev/ebitda ratio is 7.6. broadcom trades at a forward p/e of 12.4, and a ev/ebitda ratio of 14.3.
as , i do not understand the high premium assigned to gpu makers relative to broad-line chip makers. as seen from the global gpu glut, substantial sales growth is uncertain. long term, i can easily see both nvda and amd trade at valuations similar to intc and avgo. maybe not as cheap as intel stock, but certainly at similar ev/ebitda ratios as broadcom.
all bets are off with nvidia stock. while the company has seen improvements in its overall business, sales remain down from the prior year. there's light at the end of the tunnel for the trade war, but uncertainty remains. nvidia next announces results in november. the analyst community sees quarterly sales at around $2.9 billion. china could give their blessing to the mellanox deal. if so, the deal could close at the .
so what's the play with nvidia stock? i have been on the sidelines , and shares have traded sideways since. if the company can reach the high water mark set last year, shares should see material improvement. but until then, sideways trading between $150-$200 per share is likely. continue to stay on the sidelines with nvidia stock.
as of this writing, thomas niel did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
nvidia (nasdaq:nvda) generates its revenue primarily from sales of graphic processor units (gpus). its largest segment is gpu, which accounted for 87% of total revenues in fiscal 2019, while the other segment, tegra processors, contributed 13% to the top line. in this note we discuss the revenue segments of nvidia, their historical performance, and expected trajectory over the next two years. you can look at our interactive dashboard analysis ~ nvidia revenues: how does nvidia make money? ~ for more details. in addition, you can see more of our data for information technology companies here. nvidia reports its revenue under two segments ~ gpus, and tegra processors
nvidia's total revenue has grown 70% since fiscal 2017. however, the growth rate is expected to slow in the coming years
revenue growth over the coming two years will likely be led by a mid-single-digit growth in gpu revenues, partly offset by a decline in tegra processors business
 what's behind trefis? see how it's powering new collaboration and what-ifs
all trefis data
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
the trade war between the u.s. and china has been hard on many u.s. companies but it has been especially difficult for the semiconductor industry. chipmakers like nvidia (nasdaq:) rely heavily on the chinese market so the trade war created additional uncertainty for these companies -- and nvidia stock. in short, nvidia stock has been all over the place over the past year. 2018 was a breakout year for the company and a year ago, nvda was nearing $300 per share. the stock is down 32% since then and it started 2019 at a new 52-week low of $124.46. however, the overall sentiment from analysts seems to be mostly positive when it comes to nvidia. nvidia stock is considered a moderate buy. 20 analysts gave the company a buy rating and the average price target is $189.27.
the trade war will continue to cause headwinds for nvda and no one knows when that situation will improve. but if you take a long-term perspective when it comes to nvda stock, there are signs that the chipmaker can turn things around.
nvidia's rocky year can't entirely be blamed on trade war problems. the chipmaker has been recovering from the 2018 crypto-mining crash that left it with an excess of inventory and declining sales. of all the companies affected, the crash hit nvidia the hardest, in part because it focuses solely on graphics processing units (gpus). the company's gpus are used for competitive gaming, data centers, and the automotive industry. its competitor, advanced micro devices (nasdaq:) also sells cpus so the crash didn't affect it in the same way.
the most recent showed that the company's fundamentals are starting to improve. nvidia experienced growth across all of its segments. and while revenue still isn't back to where it was a year ago, this signals that the company is beginning to turn things around. for investors, one of the bright spots of nvidia's most recent earnings report is its growing automotive segment. its revenue grew by over 30% during the most recent quarter. this segment is still just a small percentage of the company's total business but there is significant potential there.
self-driving vehicles are inevitable and nvidia's gpu chips can power these systems. of course, there's still a lot of work to do before self-driving cars are ready for the road. but companies are investing a lot of money in this industry so it provides an incredible long-term opportunity for nvidia.
nvidia's real strength is in its gaming segment and it's where the company makes most of its revenue. last year, the company released an updated version of its graphics cards which used a technology known as ray tracing. this technology improves the images in online gaming.
nvidia's gaming revenue is slowly starting to bounce back, though it's still down from a year earlier. this should continue to improve during the second half of the year as the holidays approach. all in all, the company isn't out of the woods just yet and the current market volatility could cause nvidia stock to fall again. but the company has many opportunities it can capitalize on. this could make it a good long-term growth stock.
as of this writing, jamie johnson did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned stocks.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
buying nvidia (nasdaq: nvda) now is a bet that the chipmaker will stop its yo-yo price swings and move up from its current price level rather than plunge yet again. even at the current price, nvidia is looking oversold as investors punish it for going so heavily into cryptocurrency mining, with the stock losing around a third of its value since its record high last year.
but the rollercoaster cryptocurrency ride is hardly over as facebook (nasdaq: fb) and other producers open up a new phase with stablecoins -- cryptocurrencies that try to offer price stability and are backed by a reserve asset. meanwhile, other graphics processing unit (gpu) uses in artificial intelligence (ai), autonomous driving, big data, and gaming still offer massive potential.
conventional wisdom has it that nvidia is in a trough. the cryptocurrency bubble, which buoyed the stock price to last year's high, has burst and will never return. all those other promising lines are in the future, so some might think nvidia stock isn't going anywhere right now.
there are two big problems with this view. first, the stock is going somewhere -- it's soared nearly 40% since the beginning of june. second, it doesn't account for widespread optimism about nvidia, with 21 analysts out of 38 analysts having either a strong buy or buy rating on the stock. the beauty of the stock market is that it anticipates events, and the way to make money is to buy low and sell high. that is the best way to use a trough, as long as you believe that recovery is not too far away.
nvidia is credited with inventing the gpu, a microprocessor with the power of visualization. its first, and still one of its biggest uses, is in gaming. most recently, nvidia's ray tracing (a rendering technique that can produce highly realistic lighting effects) brought a real-time three-dimensional aspect to games that has transformed the industry.
gaming remains a major line for nvidia, accounting for about half its revenue. but the advanced computing power of gpus has led to numerous other applications, so that these microprocessors have replaced the traditional central processing units (cpus) in many places, from financial modeling to oil and gas exploration. this computing power was why gpus became so involved in cryptocurrency mining, a process that grows more intensive as more coins are produced. it was the boom and bust in crypto mining that propelled nvidia stock higher before its collapse last year. but many other sectors need the computing power of gpus. those who believe a recession is imminent are getting out of retail stocks and plowing into utilities, adopting a defensive position. tech stocks, however, can have a momentum of their own. if anything has proven true in recent years, it's that growth in artificial intelligence, autonomous driving, and big data has outpaced expectations.
on top of all the current uses, jensen huang, co-founder and chief executive of nvidia, sees the next phase of ai as vertical industry enterprise. companies will use ai not only to improve internal processes but to create new products and services linking together various components.
it's the internet of things on a grand scale: linked medical instruments to monitor your health, forecasting or fraud detection in financial services, or even delivery bots for pizza. nvidia is working with some 4,500 start-ups on ai.
meanwhile, big data is getting bigger. high-powered nvidia chips are going into data centers and supercomputers. nvidia is also getting into networking, agreeing in march to buy mellanox, a us-israeli networking company, for $6.9 billion. (the challenge of getting chinese regulators to approve the acquisition in the current environment is one of the things depressing nvidia stock.)
autonomous driving for passenger vehicles may be held back by consumer resistance, but the trucking industry is pushing for the solution to its problems. nvidia sees the $100 trillion transport industry as having tremendous potential. and what about those cryptocurrencies? yes, the mining activities for bitcoin, ethereum, and other pure cryptocurrencies have slowed down. but stablecoins are coming to the fore. everyone from jpmorgan chase to facebook to china's central bank is launching a cryptocurrency.
stablecoins are "minted" rather than "mined" like bitcoin. that is, they are issued in exchange for assets denominated in fiat currencies and "burned," or destroyed, when exchanged back. this process is different than cryptocurrency mining and doesn't require gpus.
but stablecoins could spur adoption of cryptocurrencies, and the use of bitcoin for transactions could stabilize its value. at the same time, blockchain, the technology underlying bitcoin, is being adapted to numerous other uses, all requiring massive computing power. one of the most recent ai start-ups to affiliate with nvidia is turin-based hybridverse blockchain, which will focus its collaboration on its stablecoin.
the cryptocurrency opportunity isn't evaporating. ai is growing exponentially. big data is right behind. gaming is well on the road to recovery. nvidia's future is now. don't miss the boat.
10 stocks we like better than nvidiawhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and nvidia wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 randi zuckerberg, a former director of market development and spokeswoman for facebook and sister to its ceo, mark zuckerberg, is a member of the motley fool's board of directors. darrell delamaide has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends facebook and nvidia. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
by benjamin rains
apple aapl is once again a $1 trillion company, joining microsoft msft, with shares up 8% in the past month. the tech giant's shares have also jumped over 5% this week as wall street seems pleased with apple's latest round of iphones and its streaming tv plans.
apple unveiled its newest iphones at its now customary pre-holiday shopping season event on tuesday, led by ceo tim cook and other top executives. the firm showed off three new iphones, under the new 11 branding.
the smartphones feature apple's somewhat standard updates, which include better battery life and faster processors. what separates the two new higher-priced smartphones (iphone 11 pro & 11 pro max: starting at $999) from their less expensive peer (iphone 11: starting at $699), is a triple-camera system. apple also dropped the price of last year's iphone xr by 20% ($599), with the iphone 8 starting at $449.
consumers might be more prone to buy the higher-end iphone 11s because the price points roughly match last year's new high-end models--after years of rising prices. perhaps more importantly, the new iphone 11 base model is actually $50 cheaper than last year's comparable offering. clearly, apple wants to give consumers every reason possible to upgrade to new phones after a year of poor iphone sales, especially since there is nothing earth-shattering about the new phones.
apple tv+ & services wall street, investors, and apple fans have waited for more details on apple's foray into the streaming tv world for months. they now have all they can hope for until they get to use the streaming service for the first time on november 1--disney+ debuts on nov. 12. anyone who buys a new iphone, ipad, mac, or other qualifying devices will get a year worth of apple tv+ for free. the service will otherwise cost $4.99 per month, after a seven-day free trial and be available on the apple tv app.
apple's streaming tv offering is clearly priced to move, as it comes in well below hbo go's t $14.99 per month, netflix's nflx $15.99 premium plan, amazon amzn prime's $12.99--which comes with shipping perks--and disney+ at $6.99. aside from trying not to force users into a decision between apple+ or netflix, the price-point represents how little content will be available at launch.
apple tv+ will feature roughly 10 shows at launch, including a fictional space race-era show called for all mankind, a show starring jennifer aniston, reese witherspoon, and steve carell titled the morning show, and post-apocalyptic drama see. apple will then slowly build up its library of shows, which is set to feature more a-list hollywood stars both in front of and behind the camera. the iphone maker is also likely viewing apple tv+ as a kind of loss-leader for now, since it reportedly spent roughly $15 million an episode to make see.
apple is making a long-term play to convert more of its roughly 1 billion hardware users into services customers. this business, which includes its app store, spotify spot challenger apple music, a monthly magazine-heavy news service, and an apple credit card, will also soon feature apple arcade. the company's big push into the video game world will feature access to roughly 100 titles for $4.99 per month and launch on september 19. apple hopes to grab a piece of the $68.5 billion global mobile game market.
the ongoing u.s. and china trade war spooked some apple investors early, but cook has been in constant contact with president trump and its biggest products have remained untouched. plus, the last few days have seen both china and the u.s. slightly change their tunes as the two sides prepare to meet once again in a few weeks.
apple's iphone sales did slip in each of the last three quarters, as did the firm's greater china revenue. the company has found it harder to sell its higher-priced smartphones in a market with so many less expensive options available.
meanwhile, iphone sales slipped on the back of hard to compare periods, which means a 2020 turn around could be in store. in fact, apple's sales popped 1% last quarter (q3 fiscal 2019) after revenue slipped 5.1% in q2 and 4.5% in q1. q4 outlook & beyond looking ahead, apple's fourth-quarter 2019 revenue is projected to slip 0.56% from the year-ago period to $62.55 billion, based on our zacks consensus estimates. this, however, comes against q4 2018's 20% top-line expansion. overall, aapl's full-year fiscal 2019 revenue is projected to dip 2.7% to reach $258.28 billion.
apple's first quarter 2020 revenue, which includes the key holiday shopping period, is expected to jump 1.5% to $85.54 billion. peeking further ahead, aapl's fiscal 2020 revenue is projected to climb 3.8% above our 2019 estimate to touch $268.01 billion and top 2018's figure.
at the bottom end of the income statement, apple is expected to see its q4 earnings sink 2.75%, with full-year 2019's eps figure set to fall 1.85%. then, apple's q1 2020 earnings are projected to surge 6.2% over the prior-year quarter, with full-year 2020 expected to come in 11.5% above our 2019 estimates.
along with apple's strong 2020 growth outlook, the firm has seen its earnings estimate revision picture trend heavily upward recently, especially for q4 and fiscal 2019. aapl is a zacks rank #3 (hold) at the moment that sports an "a" grade for momentum in our style scores system.
we can see that apple has traded at a higher forward price/sales ratio over the last year (4.2 vs. current 3.8). more importantly, apple is the only of the so-called faang stocks that pays a dividend. the company's current annualized dividend is $3.08 per share, for a 1.38% yield. this compares relatively favorably to the 10-year u.s. treasury note's 1.7%.
apple also has over $200 billion in cash on hand, which means it is likely to continue its massive buyback program. therefore, investors should consider aapl stock as a safe-haven investment, amid our current market uncertainty, with the added potential for big gains.
breakout biotech stocks with triple-digit profit potential
the biotech sector is projected to surge beyond $775 billion by 2024 as scientists develop treatments for thousands of diseases. they're also finding ways to edit the human genome to literally erase our vulnerability to these diseases.
zacks has just released century of biology: 7 biotech stocks to buy right now to help investors profit from 7 stocks poised for outperformance. our recent biotech recommendations have produced gains of +98%, +119% and +164% in as little as 1 month. the stocks in this report could perform even better.see these 7 breakthrough stocks now>>
want the latest recommendations from zacks investment research? today, you can download 7 best stocks for the next 30 days. click to get this free report
 amazon.com, inc. (amzn): free stock analysis report
 netflix, inc. (nflx): free stock analysis report
 at&t inc. (t): free stock analysis report
 apple inc. (aapl): free stock analysis report
 microsoft corporation (msft): free stock analysis report
 spotify technology sa (spot): free stock analysis report
 to read this article on zacks.com click here.
 zacks investment research
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
on wednesday , international business machines (nyse:) stock did something unusual: it outpaced the stock market, closing up 1.7% against the dow jones' less than 1% move. could this be a sign of things to come for ibm stock?
 of course, one should never read into any one market event too closely. currently, multiple macro headwinds exist, including an escalating u.s.-china trade war and concerns of a looming recession. if we do suffer a downturn, that would threaten virtually all stocks. fear begets fear, and ibm stock would not be spared.
that said, a recession doesn't necessarily spell catastrophe. for one thing, a market correction could still be considered a healthy occurrence for stocks' longer-term outlook. moreover, an economic slump may force us to eliminate dead weight. granted, a recession will generate pain, but it will also likely streamline the economy.
additionally, ibm has some attributes that i believe many analysts are either overlooking or discounting too sharply. as a result, the shares look like a contrarian opportunity, especially if the ibm stock price hits last year's lows. here are three reasons why i believe that:
in the fourth quarter of last year, technology firms collapsed as the trade war kicked off. however, wall street put aside its concerns in the new year as the geopolitical outlook started to stabilize.
that sentiment reversed again, though, in august, as the u.s. and china ratcheted up the rhetoric and pressure. and by the end of the month, president trump announced a on essentially all chinese imports. unsurprisingly, international business machines stock, along with other tech investments, felt the heat.
nevertheless, international business machines stock looks interesting relative to its peers. that's because the ibm stock price isn't as levered to the trade war as you might imagine.
for instance, in 2018, the company's totaled $17.1 billion,, below the company's other two regions, which are the americas, and europe, middle east, and africa. asia represented a little over 21% of ibm's total corporate revenue last year.
let's compare that to some of ibm's competitors, like intel (nasdaq:) or nvidia (nasdaq:). china accounted for approximately 25% of intel's revenue, while it generated about 20% of nvidia's top line. moving forward, exposure to an increasingly assertive china is a risk factor. but it's much less worrisome for ibm stock. than for intel, nvidia, and many other tech names.
when "big blue" bought red hat for $34 billion, it did so with the intention of enhancing its cloud offerings. however, amazon (nasdaq:) and its aws platform lead this lucrative sector.
naturally, this has caused people to adopt a pessimistic view of international business machines stock. frequently, pundits and analysts say that ibm paid too much for red hat and is getting very little in return. but i think this is a short-sighted way to look at this key acquisition.
although aws has been around for a few years, the cloud is still in its infancy. but as this technology evolves, so will users' demands. therefore, it's unlikely that one type of solution will be appropriate for every company.
and that's where the red hat deal comes in. the acquired company specializes in , which involves interconnecting multiple cloud and enterprise-level platforms. such a structure can easily accommodate growth, both in terms of size and functionality.
for instance, some organizations may find the typical solution of centralizing large data centers too costly. thus, bringing cloud connectivity closer to the source of the action, through a system called is becoming more popular. with red hat, ibm has become the edge computing leader, potentially making international business machines stock more valuable.
i find it interesting that over the last five years, advanced micro devices (nasdaq:) underwent a huge turnaround, while ibm stock price steadily eroded from near $200 to its present price of under $140.
based on this historical comparison, the mainstream instinct is to pile into the winner. but stocks tend to work in cycles: no investment is ever permanently bullish nor bearish.
as a result, i believe the ibm stock price is due to rebound. fundamentally solid names don't stay undervalued indefinitely.
but i'm not just basing my optimism on the cyclical nature of stocks. rather, a combination of positive catalysts is making me more upbeat on international business machines stock. as i mentioned earlier, ibm isn't as levered to china as its peers. that will come in handy if the trade war worsens, which it's likely to do.
also, i think critics are focusing too much on red hat's headline costs, and not enough on its potential. if i know anything about tech, it's that it always changes. what worked a few years ago may be condemned to obsolescence later.
consider not what ibm is today, but what it's gearing up to be tomorrow, it's hard not to be a little excited about international business machines stock. plus, the current cheapness of ibm stock doesn't hurt.
as of this writing, josh enomoto did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
by daniel sparks
the apple (nasdaq: aapl) product launch on tuesday was packed with news. on the hardware front, the tech giant released the iphone 11, iphone 11 pro, and iphone 11 pro max; the apple watch series 5, and a new version of the entry-level ipad. but the tech company also shared more details on two of its upcoming services: apple arcade and apple tv+.
with the iphone segment accounting for over half of apple's revenue, it was no surprise that the company's latest versions were the main event for the keynote. but what was interesting is that it wasn't necessarily the flagship iphone that stole the show on tuesday. instead, it was the aggressive pricing of the new iphone 11 and the subsequent price cut to the current iphone xr that grabbed the spotlight.
here's a look at the newest iphones, and why the competitive pricing was a narrative that caught investors' attention.
the iphone 11. image source: apple.
as was the case last year, the lineup is made up of three new iphones: one lower-cost iphone and two high-end models. to differentiate the two higher-end smartphones from the cheapest new one, apple gave the more expensive models a "pro" designation this year.
iphone 11 (starting at $699): in many ways, this is the successor to the iphone xr that apple launched last year. priced lower than the iphone 11 pro and iphone 11 pro max, it is available in more colors, has a liquid crystal display (lcd) instead of the organic light-emitting diode (oled) version on the higher-end models, and has a display that measures 6.1 inches. setting it apart from the iphone xr, the new phone has a better camera, improved battery life, and apple's new a13 bionic processor.
iphone 11 pro (starting at $999): compared with the iphone 11, the iphone 11 pro has a smaller display size of 5.8 inches. but it has an oled display, and an even better camera system than the iphone 11. it also includes the latest a13 bionic chip.
iphone 11 pro max (starting at $1,099): the new flagship iphone replaces the iphone xs max. it is mostly the same as the iphone 11 pro but has a 6.5-inch display and five more hours of battery life compared with the iphone xs max, giving it the longest battery life of any iphone. while the iphone 11 certainly isn't cheap, it's notably priced $50 lower than the iphone xr's $749 starting price last year. perhaps even more surprising, apple dropped the price of its one-year-old iphone xr by $150, to $599.
the aggressive pricing could give the iphone segment a much-needed boost. its revenue has been declining, and iphone unit sales, which the company stopped reporting as they started to trend downward, are likely still falling as well.
as apple transitions to a business model that is focused on monetizing its base of active users with an increasingly robust slate of services, it makes sense to make its iphones more affordable. this could reinvigorate unit sales growth, which could ultimately bolster the company's installed base of active users, who it can monetize with apps and services in the coming years.
10 stocks we like better than apple
when investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and apple wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 daniel sparks has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends apple. the motley fool has the following options: short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
among the underlying components of the russell 3000 index, we saw noteworthy options trading volume today in deere & co. (symbol: de), where a total of 16,029 contracts have traded so far, representing approximately 1.6 million underlying shares. that amounts to about 81% of de's average daily trading volume over the past month of 2.0 million shares. particularly high volume was seen for the $145 strike put option expiring december 20, 2019, with 2,007 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 200,700 underlying shares of de. below is a chart showing de's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $145 strike highlighted in orange:
nvidia corp (symbol: nvda) options are showing a volume of 86,490 contracts thus far today. that number of contracts represents approximately 8.6 million underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 80.2% of nvda's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 10.8 million shares.
especially high volume was seen for the $182.50 strike call option expiring september 13, 2019, with 7,129 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 712,900 underlying shares of nvda. below is a chart showing nvda's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $182.50 strike highlighted in orange:
and usa technologies inc (symbol: usat) options are showing a volume of 6,952 contracts thus far today. that number of contracts represents approximately 695,200 underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 78.7% of usat's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 882,895 shares.
especially high volume was seen for the $8 strike call option expiring october 18, 2019, with 3,513 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 351,300 underlying shares of usat. below is a chart showing usat's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $8 strike highlighted in orange:
for the various different available expirations for de options, nvda options, or usat options, visit stockoptionschannel.com.
today's most active call & put options of the s&p 500 "
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
over the past five years, advanced micro devices (nasdaq:) has significantly improved its product offerings and become more competitive in the marketplace. this is largely thanks to the guidance of ceo lisa su, who took over as chief in 2014. in that time, amd stock rose from the $4.00 per share neighborhood to a 14-year high in august, before paring gains to the current $30.56 level.
 but wall street has been divided when it comes to amd in the last year. out of the stock, nine have buy ratings, 12 have a hold, and one is advising investors to sell. there are many reasons for this uncertainty. like many companies, amd has been hit by the trade war concerns. and the company still struggles to take market share from its intel (nasdaq:), one of its biggest competitors in the server cpu industry. however, i think amd stock has a lot more potential than analysts give it credit, and i believe there are three reasons behind this potential. the server processor market has always been a tough area for amd. intel has controlled as much as 90% of the market share in this area. but this may be starting to change.
 conducted with over 500 it professionals found that some enterprise companies are beginning to prefer amd to intel. some 16% reported using amd processors, citing the company's superior value proposition. that number is expected to increase to 21% in the next two years. most recently, amd released its new 7-nm processors which finally seemed to give the company an edge on intel's product offerings. these processors will deliver more efficiency and better performance overall. to piggyback on that last point, amd continues to up its game with its newest product offerings. in years past, amd constantly found itself playing catch-up to nvidia (nasdaq:) and intel. but this may be starting to change. this summer, the company launched its first navi-based graphics cards. these graphics cards outperformed nvidia's current offerings and matched it on pricing. it can be expected that these gpus will be used in many gaming consoles in the coming years. since they do a lot of business in china, chipmakers are caught in the middle of the ongoing trade war between the u.s. and china. nvidia has seen its shares fall more than 40% over the past year on these concerns. of course, amd has struggled for reasons outside of the trade war. it also got stuck with an oversupply of graphics inventory in the midst of the cryptocurrency bust. and the company's revenue fell by 13% during the second quarter.
but all of these are short-term problems and don't take away from the company's . amd is well-positioned and should be able to take advantage of a number of opportunities in the coming years. as of this writing, jamie johnson did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned stocks.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
apple (nasdaq: aapl) ceo tim cook didn't waste any time kicking off the company's keynote presentation on tuesday morning. while the main focus of the annual september product launch is usually the iphone, cook first provided some updates on two of the tech giant's upcoming services: apple arcade and apple tv+.
while the tech company announced apple arcade and apple tv+ alongside two other new services -- apple news+ and apple card -- earlier this year, it hadn't provided many details about the video game and television subscription services until now. on tuesday, apple revealed both services' prices, launch dates, and other details.
here's what you should know.
apple arcade is a subscription service that gives users unlimited access to a library of games. the service, apple announced, will cost $4.99 a month and will come with a one-month free trial. this price is for individual subscribers or a family of up to six members.
initially, the game will include a catalog of over 100 games and will be available in more than 150 countries.
apple's streaming-tv service, apple tv+, is launching on nov. 1. the new, ad-free subscription service will be offered in over 100 countries and will feature original shows, movies, and documentaries. some of the new shows available on the service's first day include the morning show, starring reese witherspoon, jennifer aniston, and steve carell; dickinson, a story about a rebellious young poet; and see, a drama starring jason momoa and alfre woodard.
the new service will cost $4.99 a month and include a seven-day free trial. in addition, customers who purchase a new iphone, ipad, apple tv, ipod touch, or mac will get one year of free access to apple tv+. like the apple arcade subscription, up to six family members can be included in a single subscription.
more new original shows will be added to the app each month, apple said.
competition in streaming tv has been heating up. walt disney (nyse: dis) is launching its streaming service on nov. 12 for just $6.99 a month. the new service, called disney+, will include new originals, as well as access to pixar, marvel, star wars, disney movies, and more. in addition, disney announced a $12.99-per-month bundle that will include access to disney+, espn+, and hulu.
it's no surprise to see apple pricing its services aggressively. the company likely wants to ensure it grabs market share in these new categories quickly, as services are becoming an increasingly important pillar to apple's business. services revenue in the company's most recent quarter increased 13% year over year. this compares to apple's 1% growth in its consolidated top line over the same time frame. in addition, it was a record quarter for the company's services business.
10 stocks we like better than applewhen investing geniuses david and tom gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. after all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, motley fool stock advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
david and tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and apple wasn't one of them! that's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
 daniel sparks has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. the motley fool owns shares of and recommends apple and walt disney. the motley fool has the following options: long january 2021 $60 calls on walt disney, short october 2019 $125 calls on walt disney, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, long january 2020 $150 calls on apple, short january 2020 $155 calls on apple, and long january 2020 $150 calls on apple. the motley fool has a disclosure policy.
the views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of nasdaq, inc.
founded in 1993 in alexandria, va., by brothers david and tom gardner, the motley fool is a multimedia financial-services company dedicated to building the world's greatest investment community. reaching millions of people each month through its website, books, newspaper column, radio show, television appearances, and subscription newsletter services, the motley fool champions shareholder values and advocates tirelessly for the individual investor. the company's name was taken from shakespeare, whose wise fools both instructed and amused, and could speak the truth to the king -- without getting their heads lopped off.
email address*
country*please select...united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanbolivia, plurinational state ofbonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint barthelemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maarten (dutch part)slovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuela, bolivarian republic ofviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe
yes! i would like to receive nasdaq communications related to products, industry news and events.you can always change your preferences or unsubscribe and your contact information is covered by our privacy policy.
(c) 2019, nasdaq, inc. all rights reserved.
